SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us SVIT Newsletter - Latest Edition Click here to read all SVIT-Newsletters 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Features of our Institute Include Best Guidance under Strong Leadership Skills As a result of which students excel in everything they encounter... Fresh Environment In the middle of beautiful farms. Best Placements By big shots like L & T, TCS, Wipro to name a few... Eminent Teachers Many of whom are Ph.D.s, IITians, NITians Annual TechFests Called Vision, Prakarsh where students corroborate their skills. Top Results Not only in academic examinations but also in sports, curricular activities. Student Assistance In the form of scholarships, awards, mentor program, etc. Recent News & Events Everyday is an event for all of us. We at SVIT have 12 different clubs like Music club, Indoor Sports club, Outdoor Sports club, Fine Arts club, etc. for students and staffs which helps in advancement of one's passion. SVIT News letter February 2018 Published Entrepreneurship Development Cell organized an Enterpreneurship Startup Awareness Program (ESAP), during February 16 - 17, 2018 for all branches aspirants. The inaugural ceremony took place on 16/2/18, at EDC Hall Civil Engineering Dept. About 117 students registered for the event and attended the sessions delivered by the experts. AICTE - Online Test for Jobs & Internship Opportunities We congratulate Sneha Tiwari (Student of Information Technology Department) and Samrudhi Mehrotra (Student of Computer Engineering Department) for being selected in BYJU'S through Campus Recruitment Drive. They have been offered a package of Rs. 9 Lakhs/Annum. Assistant Professor Anand P. Darji of Aeronautical Engineering Department has published Research Paper on “Flow Studies on a Single Stage Transonic Axial Flow Compressor Retrofitted with Circumferential Grooves and Varied Rotor-Stator Axial Gap” in ASME Gas Turbine India Conference December 2017 at Bangalore. Assistant Prof. Nilay N. Shah of Electrical Engineering department with Dr. S R Joshi, GEC Valsad received best research paper award in IEEE Conference on "Smart Grids, Power & Advanced Control Engineering" AICTE - Student Internships Prof. Dipesh H Shah of Instrumentation and Control Department has filed an Indian Patent titled "Discrete-Time Sliding Mode Controller for Networked Control System with Random Fractional Delay and Packet Loss" which is also published in its official website We congratulate our LY Electronics and Communication Engineering Students Keval Doshi and Aman Chawda for securing 1st prize overall as best hardware n hackers at I-Hack- hackathon, IIT-BOMBAY. Out of India's best 30 participating team & from almost 4 other IITs. Ms. Inderpreet Rooprai, a student of final year Aeronautical engineering along with faculty members Prof. J.R. Vala, Prof. D.V.Shah and Prof. A.N. Patel has published the research paper on “Ice accretions and its aerodynamic effects on NLF-0414 airfoil using CFD” in national conference on DAOME-2016 organized by Department of Mechanical engineering, M.S University- Vadodara. FTKT Fundamental & Technical Knowledge Tests for testing the understanding about the subject. View Expert Sessions Those sessions that are conducted by really big shots. View Placements This college is very famous for campus placements (among students as well as companies). View Group Discussions Group of students discuss on the latest topics under the guidance of faculties which boosts communique skills. View Aptitude Test This helps in students getting placed and thinking out of box. View Extra Curricular Activities So that our students develop in all round manner. View Awards Awards under different heads are given to students and staffs like Performance, Attendance, Library user, etc. View Practical Sessions Students get hands on training so that they can experiment and gain knowledge. View Facilities at SVIT Vasad This institute is famous for many student friendly facilities some of which are mentioned below Transportation Available from Ahmedabad, Anand and Vadodara Canteen & Nescafe Provides high quality food at subsidized rates. Library Modern, well stocked, covering most subjects. Workshops Conducted by every department for students and staffs. Free Wi-fi Accessing Internet is very easy nowadays at SVIT. Girls Common Room Keeping in mind the necessities of girl students Sanitary Napkin Incinerators 2 Sanitary incinerators and 1 vending machine installed in girls common room and disabled girls washroom. Our Statistics Teaching students how to learn, unlearn, relearn are some of the skills we possess. Teachers having more than 5 years of experience 85% Satisfaction of students after joining SVIT-Vasad 95% Students opting for placements 80% Overall Performance 90% Why do people prefer us? Best Environment to Work with Pollution Free As well as politics free environment where work is worshipped and rewarded Innovation is a common thing here Inventions & Advancements Students try to surpass their teachers in innovating processes, products, services, etc. In fact there is a huge competition for innovation among students and faculty members. Learning is more enjoyable than ever Activity based learning, Hands on Workshops, Student Presentations, etc. make the learning process more enjoyable. Home of several talented and noble people Yes you read it correct! SVIT Vasad is a home for many students and staffs who are well-talented and noble. Hence retention ratio among staffs is too good. Additionally, SVIT alumni love to visit their college as and when chances happen. Students' Corner EDC IIPC Administration Grievance Redressal Cell Student Corner “Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. ― Robert Frost “Intelligence plus character-that is the goal of true education.” ― Martin Luther King Jr. Entrepreneurship Development Cell The Entrepreneurship Development Cell (EDC) was started with the object of promoting specialized knowledge in the field of entrepreneurship development. The cell strives to identify talented youth to entrepreneurial works and has organized various programmes regarding entrepreneurship development. Industry Institute Partnership Cell The objective of the IIP Cell is to reduce the gap between industry expectations (practice) and academic offerings (theory) by direct involvement of industry to attain a symbiosis. All the Stakeholders, namely: Institutions, Industry, Students and Society stand to gain as it can be a win-win partnership. Having a strong administration team is integral to the success of any learning institution. Here are best practices that are followed at our college for better administration: Set Clear Expectations Implement the 80/20 Principle Make Use Computer Technology Stay Focused On Results The function of the cell is to look into the complaints lodged by any student, and judge its merit. The Grievance cell is also empowered to look into matters of harassment. Anyone with a genuine grievance may approach the department members in person, or in consultation with the officer in-charge Students' Grievance Cell. In case the person is unwilling to appear in self, grievances may be dropped in writing at the letterbox/ suggestion box of the Grievance Cell at Administrative Block. Grievances may also be sent through e-mail to the officer in-charge of Students' Grievance Cell. Student Testimonials Studying at SVIT - Vasad has been one of my best decisions ever. -Boniface Lazarus SVIT - Vasad has opened my eyes to the limitless educational possibilities. -Dipesh Patel Our Recruiters Because of space limitations we could mention only some of the many recruiters of our students. Please feel free to contact the placement cell to hire fresh talents of SVIT - Vasad Do you still have a question in mind? You are always welcome to visit our campus, call us at +91 02692 274766/274489 or email us at svit_vasadgen@rediffmail.com. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us SVIT Newsletter - Latest Edition Click here to read all SVIT-Newsletters 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Features of our Institute Include Best Guidance under Strong Leadership Skills As a result of which students excel in everything they encounter... Fresh Environment In the middle of beautiful farms. Best Placements By big shots like L & T, TCS, Wipro to name a few... Eminent Teachers Many of whom are Ph.D.s, IITians, NITians Annual TechFests Called Vision, Prakarsh where students corroborate their skills. Top Results Not only in academic examinations but also in sports, curricular activities. Student Assistance In the form of scholarships, awards, mentor program, etc. Recent News & Events Everyday is an event for all of us. We at SVIT have 12 different clubs like Music club, Indoor Sports club, Outdoor Sports club, Fine Arts club, etc. for students and staffs which helps in advancement of one's passion. SVIT News letter February 2018 Published Entrepreneurship Development Cell organized an Enterpreneurship Startup Awareness Program (ESAP), during February 16 - 17, 2018 for all branches aspirants. The inaugural ceremony took place on 16/2/18, at EDC Hall Civil Engineering Dept. About 117 students registered for the event and attended the sessions delivered by the experts. AICTE - Online Test for Jobs & Internship Opportunities We congratulate Sneha Tiwari (Student of Information Technology Department) and Samrudhi Mehrotra (Student of Computer Engineering Department) for being selected in BYJU'S through Campus Recruitment Drive. They have been offered a package of Rs. 9 Lakhs/Annum. Assistant Professor Anand P. Darji of Aeronautical Engineering Department has published Research Paper on “Flow Studies on a Single Stage Transonic Axial Flow Compressor Retrofitted with Circumferential Grooves and Varied Rotor-Stator Axial Gap” in ASME Gas Turbine India Conference December 2017 at Bangalore. Assistant Prof. Nilay N. Shah of Electrical Engineering department with Dr. S R Joshi, GEC Valsad received best research paper award in IEEE Conference on "Smart Grids, Power & Advanced Control Engineering" AICTE - Student Internships Prof. Dipesh H Shah of Instrumentation and Control Department has filed an Indian Patent titled "Discrete-Time Sliding Mode Controller for Networked Control System with Random Fractional Delay and Packet Loss" which is also published in its official website We congratulate our LY Electronics and Communication Engineering Students Keval Doshi and Aman Chawda for securing 1st prize overall as best hardware n hackers at I-Hack- hackathon, IIT-BOMBAY. Out of India's best 30 participating team & from almost 4 other IITs. Ms. Inderpreet Rooprai, a student of final year Aeronautical engineering along with faculty members Prof. J.R. Vala, Prof. D.V.Shah and Prof. A.N. Patel has published the research paper on “Ice accretions and its aerodynamic effects on NLF-0414 airfoil using CFD” in national conference on DAOME-2016 organized by Department of Mechanical engineering, M.S University- Vadodara. FTKT Fundamental & Technical Knowledge Tests for testing the understanding about the subject. View Expert Sessions Those sessions that are conducted by really big shots. View Placements This college is very famous for campus placements (among students as well as companies). View Group Discussions Group of students discuss on the latest topics under the guidance of faculties which boosts communique skills. View Aptitude Test This helps in students getting placed and thinking out of box. View Extra Curricular Activities So that our students develop in all round manner. View Awards Awards under different heads are given to students and staffs like Performance, Attendance, Library user, etc. View Practical Sessions Students get hands on training so that they can experiment and gain knowledge. View Facilities at SVIT Vasad This institute is famous for many student friendly facilities some of which are mentioned below Transportation Available from Ahmedabad, Anand and Vadodara Canteen & Nescafe Provides high quality food at subsidized rates. Library Modern, well stocked, covering most subjects. Workshops Conducted by every department for students and staffs. Free Wi-fi Accessing Internet is very easy nowadays at SVIT. Girls Common Room Keeping in mind the necessities of girl students Sanitary Napkin Incinerators 2 Sanitary incinerators and 1 vending machine installed in girls common room and disabled girls washroom. Our Statistics Teaching students how to learn, unlearn, relearn are some of the skills we possess. Teachers having more than 5 years of experience 85% Satisfaction of students after joining SVIT-Vasad 95% Students opting for placements 80% Overall Performance 90% Why do people prefer us? Best Environment to Work with Pollution Free As well as politics free environment where work is worshipped and rewarded Innovation is a common thing here Inventions & Advancements Students try to surpass their teachers in innovating processes, products, services, etc. In fact there is a huge competition for innovation among students and faculty members. Learning is more enjoyable than ever Activity based learning, Hands on Workshops, Student Presentations, etc. make the learning process more enjoyable. Home of several talented and noble people Yes you read it correct! SVIT Vasad is a home for many students and staffs who are well-talented and noble. Hence retention ratio among staffs is too good. Additionally, SVIT alumni love to visit their college as and when chances happen. Students' Corner EDC IIPC Administration Grievance Redressal Cell Student Corner “Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. ― Robert Frost “Intelligence plus character-that is the goal of true education.” ― Martin Luther King Jr. Entrepreneurship Development Cell The Entrepreneurship Development Cell (EDC) was started with the object of promoting specialized knowledge in the field of entrepreneurship development. The cell strives to identify talented youth to entrepreneurial works and has organized various programmes regarding entrepreneurship development. Industry Institute Partnership Cell The objective of the IIP Cell is to reduce the gap between industry expectations (practice) and academic offerings (theory) by direct involvement of industry to attain a symbiosis. All the Stakeholders, namely: Institutions, Industry, Students and Society stand to gain as it can be a win-win partnership. Having a strong administration team is integral to the success of any learning institution. Here are best practices that are followed at our college for better administration: Set Clear Expectations Implement the 80/20 Principle Make Use Computer Technology Stay Focused On Results The function of the cell is to look into the complaints lodged by any student, and judge its merit. The Grievance cell is also empowered to look into matters of harassment. Anyone with a genuine grievance may approach the department members in person, or in consultation with the officer in-charge Students' Grievance Cell. In case the person is unwilling to appear in self, grievances may be dropped in writing at the letterbox/ suggestion box of the Grievance Cell at Administrative Block. Grievances may also be sent through e-mail to the officer in-charge of Students' Grievance Cell. Student Testimonials Studying at SVIT - Vasad has been one of my best decisions ever. -Boniface Lazarus SVIT - Vasad has opened my eyes to the limitless educational possibilities. -Dipesh Patel Our Recruiters Because of space limitations we could mention only some of the many recruiters of our students. Please feel free to contact the placement cell to hire fresh talents of SVIT - Vasad Do you still have a question in mind? You are always welcome to visit our campus, call us at +91 02692 274766/274489 or email us at svit_vasadgen@rediffmail.com. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Our Chairman's Message Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology is one of the most emerging educational campuses in the state of Gujarat, between Vadodara and Anand on the river bank of MAHI. SVIT offers Post Graduation and Graduation courses in various disciplines like computer, information technology, electronics and communication, instrumentation and control, electrical, mechanical, architecture and civil including unique course of aeronautical engineering. It also offers Post graduate programs in electrical, mechanical, civil, computer, information technology including MCA. This educational Campus believes in teaching and educational excellence promoting intelligent, hard working and technically curious minds. We have already developed state-of-the-art infrastructure including classrooms and laboratories in imparting world class education. We have a wide range of research programmes, and many curricular and extra curricular events to ignite the minds of students of Professional programmes. In order to raise the quality of our education and research, we have already signed MoUs with national and International institutions, industries and some more MoUs are in the process of finalization. I envision developing this institute as one of the top institutes of overall education. We plan to train our students in various industries so that knowledge gained in the academic institute is fruitfully utilized. In this regard, I would welcome the industries and institutes in India and abroad to come forward and train our students and professors so that they can be the future of India and the world at large and SVIT, VASAD can produce competent engineers and scientists with good human values. Since Inception, the emphasis has been to establish a world class center of excellence in technical education. I look forward to your whole hearted support and cooperation. - Chairman, SVIT - Vasad © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Our Principal's Message Sardar Vallabh bhai Patel Institute of Technology is one of the most emerging educational campuses in the state of Gujarat, between Vadodara and Anand on the river bank of MAHI. SVIT offers Post Graduation and Graduation courses in various disciplines like computer, information technology, electronics and communication, instrumentation and control, electrical, mechanical, architecture and civil including unique course of aeronautical engineering. It also offers Post graduate programs in electrical, mechanical, civil, computer, information technology including MCA. This educational Campus believes in teaching and educational excellence promoting intelligent, hard working and technically curious minds. We have already developed state-of-the-art infrastructure including classrooms and laboratories in imparting world class education. We have a wide range of research programmes, and many curricular and extra curricular events to ignite the minds of students of Professional programmes. In order to raise the quality of our education and research, we have already signed MoUs with national and International institutions, industries and some more MoUs are in the process of finalization. I envision developing this institute as one of the top institutes of overall education. We plan to train our students in various industries so that knowledge gained in the academic institute is fruitfully utilized. In this regard, I would welcome the industries and institutes in India and abroad to come forward and train our students and professors so that they can be the future of India and the world at large and SVIT, VASAD can produce competent engineers and scientists with good human values. Since Inception, the emphasis has been to establish a world class centre of excellence in technical education. I look forward to your whole hearted support and cooperation. - Dr. Devesh P. Soni, I/c. Principal, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Vision of the Institute To Provide high quality & highly empowered technological manpower with entrepreneurial zeal to industry, research & development institution & to social and government organizations. Mission of the Institute Maintain Status as the Center of Academic Excellence in Engineering Education in this region and One of the Best in the state of Gujarat. Become More Student Focused Constantly Upgrade Curricula to Meet Needs of the Society. Hire, Motivate and Reward Superior Faculty Members Develop Post Graduate Programs and Increase Research and Scholarly Activities Communicate and Collaborate More Effectively with Society Develop a Service-Oriented, Responsive & Accountable Administration Maintain and Further Develop Modern Facilities Follow Thoughts of Sardar Patel in Letter and Spirit that "Education without Character Development is Meaningless". © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Discipline & Conduct for Students All the students are hereby informed to observe college discipline scrupulously. Failure to comply with any of the rules, regulations or requirements notified from time to time will lead to strict disciplinary action. Students should take note of the following: 1. As per GTU Rules & Circular of Government, mobile phones are not permitted in the college premises. The college does not accept any responsibility for mobile phones and hence no complaints in this regard would be entertained by the college staff / authorities. 2. Students must take care of their belongings like Books, Laptops, Tablets, any electronic gadgets, etc. The college will not be held responsible for any loss. 3. Students are expected to read the Central Notice Boards and Notice Boards of their respective departments daily. 4. Students are advised to visit GTU website daily in order to get updated them selves. 5. Students must be on time for lecturers & laboratories. 6. Each student of this college must carry the identity card issued by the college. They are required to wear the ID card inside the college campus. They are required to display them prominently especially at the gate when entering the college and throughout the period they are on the campus. They must present it for inspection or verification whenever demanded by the college Authorities and / or Security Staff. No student shall be allowed to attend Lectures, Practical, etc. unless he/she has his/her Identity Card with him/her. 7. The students should not loiter in the college premises when the classes are in progress. When they are free, they should make use of the college library. 8. Students must not attend lectures other than their own without the special permission of the Professor concerned. 9. Students must do nothing either inside or outside the college that will in any way interfere with its orderly administration and discipline. They should not communicate any information or write anything about the college to the press or any external authority without the written permission of the Principal (Permission of the Principal will be taken through HOD). 10. It is compulsory that a student maintains a minimum attendance of 75% throughout and also at the end of each semester, to be eligible to appear in the university & internal examinations. 11. Students who are absent on medical grounds should intimate to the concerned HOD and produce a valid medical certificate along with an endorsement letter from the parent while reporting to college after recovery from illness. As per GTU, 10% of total absentia of students due to illness may be considered by the Institute on case to case basis. 12. Writing on walls, benches, drawing tables, furniture & toilets is strictly prohibited. Damage done to college property shall be recovered from those who are responsible for it. The cost of any damage so caused will be recovered from the students collectively, if the responsibility for it cannot be laid on any individual or group of individuals. 13. Students are liable to lose their term for disobedience, misconduct, misbehavior or for any act of indiscipline. 14. No picnics, socials, excursion or tours, fresher party, farewell party, etc. shall be arranged without the prior written permission of the Principal (Permission of the Principal will be taken through HOD). If students join an unofficial picnic or tour, the college shall not be responsible for anything that happens in the picnic or tour. 15. No student shall collect money as contribution to picnic, trip, educational visit, get-together, study notes, charity, fresher party, farewell party or any other activity without the prior written sanction of the Principal (Permission of the Principal will be taken through HOD). 16. Students joining the college shall observe all the Rules and Regulations of the college laid down from time to time. 17. Actions on matters not covered by the existing rules will be at the discretion of the Principal. 18. If any student is caught violating above stated and other college norms either through CCTV camera or by any other means, the appropriate action will be taken. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us About Our Institute 26 Acres of Land, Pollution Free Campus, AICTE Approved, Engineering College Inspiration: Ideals of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Trust: New English School Trust(NEST)-a philanthropic institution/society Approval/Affiliation: AICTE, DTE(Government of Gujarat),Gujarat Technological University Location: On the banks of the river Mahi, at Vasad, in a peaceful and pollution-free environment (25 km from Baroda and 20 km from Anand on NH-8) SVIT Campus: It comprises of 26 acres of land on which the institute building is Constructed with the plinth area of 232608(Carpet area 193840) sqft. Sufficient land is available for further development. Sports: Playgrounds for outdoor and indoor games facilities are available. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info.