SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us SVIT Newsletter - Latest Edition Click here to read all SVIT-Newsletters 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Features of our Institute Include Best Guidance under Strong Leadership Skills As a result of which students excel in everything they encounter... Fresh Environment In the middle of beautiful farms. Best Placements By big shots like L & T, TCS, Wipro to name a few... Eminent Teachers Many of whom are Ph.D.s, IITians, NITians Annual TechFests Called Vision, Prakarsh where students corroborate their skills. Top Results Not only in academic examinations but also in sports, curricular activities. Student Assistance In the form of scholarships, awards, mentor program, etc. Recent News & Events Everyday is an event for all of us. We at SVIT have 12 different clubs like Music club, Indoor Sports club, Outdoor Sports club, Fine Arts club, etc. for students and staffs which helps in advancement of one's passion. SVIT News letter February 2018 Published Entrepreneurship Development Cell organized an Enterpreneurship Startup Awareness Program (ESAP), during February 16 - 17, 2018 for all branches aspirants. The inaugural ceremony took place on 16/2/18, at EDC Hall Civil Engineering Dept. About 117 students registered for the event and attended the sessions delivered by the experts. AICTE - Online Test for Jobs & Internship Opportunities We congratulate Sneha Tiwari (Student of Information Technology Department) and Samrudhi Mehrotra (Student of Computer Engineering Department) for being selected in BYJU'S through Campus Recruitment Drive. They have been offered a package of Rs. 9 Lakhs/Annum. Assistant Professor Anand P. Darji of Aeronautical Engineering Department has published Research Paper on “Flow Studies on a Single Stage Transonic Axial Flow Compressor Retrofitted with Circumferential Grooves and Varied Rotor-Stator Axial Gap” in ASME Gas Turbine India Conference December 2017 at Bangalore. Assistant Prof. Nilay N. Shah of Electrical Engineering department with Dr. S R Joshi, GEC Valsad received best research paper award in IEEE Conference on "Smart Grids, Power & Advanced Control Engineering" AICTE - Student Internships Prof. Dipesh H Shah of Instrumentation and Control Department has filed an Indian Patent titled "Discrete-Time Sliding Mode Controller for Networked Control System with Random Fractional Delay and Packet Loss" which is also published in its official website We congratulate our LY Electronics and Communication Engineering Students Keval Doshi and Aman Chawda for securing 1st prize overall as best hardware n hackers at I-Hack- hackathon, IIT-BOMBAY. Out of India's best 30 participating team & from almost 4 other IITs. Ms. Inderpreet Rooprai, a student of final year Aeronautical engineering along with faculty members Prof. J.R. Vala, Prof. D.V.Shah and Prof. A.N. Patel has published the research paper on “Ice accretions and its aerodynamic effects on NLF-0414 airfoil using CFD” in national conference on DAOME-2016 organized by Department of Mechanical engineering, M.S University- Vadodara. FTKT Fundamental & Technical Knowledge Tests for testing the understanding about the subject. View Expert Sessions Those sessions that are conducted by really big shots. View Placements This college is very famous for campus placements (among students as well as companies). View Group Discussions Group of students discuss on the latest topics under the guidance of faculties which boosts communique skills. View Aptitude Test This helps in students getting placed and thinking out of box. View Extra Curricular Activities So that our students develop in all round manner. View Awards Awards under different heads are given to students and staffs like Performance, Attendance, Library user, etc. View Practical Sessions Students get hands on training so that they can experiment and gain knowledge. View Facilities at SVIT Vasad This institute is famous for many student friendly facilities some of which are mentioned below Transportation Available from Ahmedabad, Anand and Vadodara Canteen & Nescafe Provides high quality food at subsidized rates. Library Modern, well stocked, covering most subjects. Workshops Conducted by every department for students and staffs. Free Wi-fi Accessing Internet is very easy nowadays at SVIT. Girls Common Room Keeping in mind the necessities of girl students Sanitary Napkin Incinerators 2 Sanitary incinerators and 1 vending machine installed in girls common room and disabled girls washroom. Our Statistics Teaching students how to learn, unlearn, relearn are some of the skills we possess. Teachers having more than 5 years of experience 85% Satisfaction of students after joining SVIT-Vasad 95% Students opting for placements 80% Overall Performance 90% Why do people prefer us? Best Environment to Work with Pollution Free As well as politics free environment where work is worshipped and rewarded Innovation is a common thing here Inventions & Advancements Students try to surpass their teachers in innovating processes, products, services, etc. In fact there is a huge competition for innovation among students and faculty members. Learning is more enjoyable than ever Activity based learning, Hands on Workshops, Student Presentations, etc. make the learning process more enjoyable. Home of several talented and noble people Yes you read it correct! SVIT Vasad is a home for many students and staffs who are well-talented and noble. Hence retention ratio among staffs is too good. Additionally, SVIT alumni love to visit their college as and when chances happen. Students' Corner EDC IIPC Administration Grievance Redressal Cell Student Corner “Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. ― Robert Frost “Intelligence plus character-that is the goal of true education.” ― Martin Luther King Jr. Entrepreneurship Development Cell The Entrepreneurship Development Cell (EDC) was started with the object of promoting specialized knowledge in the field of entrepreneurship development. The cell strives to identify talented youth to entrepreneurial works and has organized various programmes regarding entrepreneurship development. Industry Institute Partnership Cell The objective of the IIP Cell is to reduce the gap between industry expectations (practice) and academic offerings (theory) by direct involvement of industry to attain a symbiosis. All the Stakeholders, namely: Institutions, Industry, Students and Society stand to gain as it can be a win-win partnership. Having a strong administration team is integral to the success of any learning institution. Here are best practices that are followed at our college for better administration: Set Clear Expectations Implement the 80/20 Principle Make Use Computer Technology Stay Focused On Results The function of the cell is to look into the complaints lodged by any student, and judge its merit. The Grievance cell is also empowered to look into matters of harassment. Anyone with a genuine grievance may approach the department members in person, or in consultation with the officer in-charge Students' Grievance Cell. In case the person is unwilling to appear in self, grievances may be dropped in writing at the letterbox/ suggestion box of the Grievance Cell at Administrative Block. Grievances may also be sent through e-mail to the officer in-charge of Students' Grievance Cell. Student Testimonials Studying at SVIT - Vasad has been one of my best decisions ever. -Boniface Lazarus SVIT - Vasad has opened my eyes to the limitless educational possibilities. -Dipesh Patel Our Recruiters Because of space limitations we could mention only some of the many recruiters of our students. Please feel free to contact the placement cell to hire fresh talents of SVIT - Vasad Do you still have a question in mind? You are always welcome to visit our campus, call us at +91 02692 274766/274489 or email us at svit_vasadgen@rediffmail.com. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us SVIT Newsletter - Latest Edition Click here to read all SVIT-Newsletters 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Features of our Institute Include Best Guidance under Strong Leadership Skills As a result of which students excel in everything they encounter... Fresh Environment In the middle of beautiful farms. Best Placements By big shots like L & T, TCS, Wipro to name a few... Eminent Teachers Many of whom are Ph.D.s, IITians, NITians Annual TechFests Called Vision, Prakarsh where students corroborate their skills. Top Results Not only in academic examinations but also in sports, curricular activities. Student Assistance In the form of scholarships, awards, mentor program, etc. Recent News & Events Everyday is an event for all of us. We at SVIT have 12 different clubs like Music club, Indoor Sports club, Outdoor Sports club, Fine Arts club, etc. for students and staffs which helps in advancement of one's passion. SVIT News letter February 2018 Published Entrepreneurship Development Cell organized an Enterpreneurship Startup Awareness Program (ESAP), during February 16 - 17, 2018 for all branches aspirants. The inaugural ceremony took place on 16/2/18, at EDC Hall Civil Engineering Dept. About 117 students registered for the event and attended the sessions delivered by the experts. AICTE - Online Test for Jobs & Internship Opportunities We congratulate Sneha Tiwari (Student of Information Technology Department) and Samrudhi Mehrotra (Student of Computer Engineering Department) for being selected in BYJU'S through Campus Recruitment Drive. They have been offered a package of Rs. 9 Lakhs/Annum. Assistant Professor Anand P. Darji of Aeronautical Engineering Department has published Research Paper on “Flow Studies on a Single Stage Transonic Axial Flow Compressor Retrofitted with Circumferential Grooves and Varied Rotor-Stator Axial Gap” in ASME Gas Turbine India Conference December 2017 at Bangalore. Assistant Prof. Nilay N. Shah of Electrical Engineering department with Dr. S R Joshi, GEC Valsad received best research paper award in IEEE Conference on "Smart Grids, Power & Advanced Control Engineering" AICTE - Student Internships Prof. Dipesh H Shah of Instrumentation and Control Department has filed an Indian Patent titled "Discrete-Time Sliding Mode Controller for Networked Control System with Random Fractional Delay and Packet Loss" which is also published in its official website We congratulate our LY Electronics and Communication Engineering Students Keval Doshi and Aman Chawda for securing 1st prize overall as best hardware n hackers at I-Hack- hackathon, IIT-BOMBAY. Out of India's best 30 participating team & from almost 4 other IITs. Ms. Inderpreet Rooprai, a student of final year Aeronautical engineering along with faculty members Prof. J.R. Vala, Prof. D.V.Shah and Prof. A.N. Patel has published the research paper on “Ice accretions and its aerodynamic effects on NLF-0414 airfoil using CFD” in national conference on DAOME-2016 organized by Department of Mechanical engineering, M.S University- Vadodara. FTKT Fundamental & Technical Knowledge Tests for testing the understanding about the subject. View Expert Sessions Those sessions that are conducted by really big shots. View Placements This college is very famous for campus placements (among students as well as companies). View Group Discussions Group of students discuss on the latest topics under the guidance of faculties which boosts communique skills. View Aptitude Test This helps in students getting placed and thinking out of box. View Extra Curricular Activities So that our students develop in all round manner. View Awards Awards under different heads are given to students and staffs like Performance, Attendance, Library user, etc. View Practical Sessions Students get hands on training so that they can experiment and gain knowledge. View Facilities at SVIT Vasad This institute is famous for many student friendly facilities some of which are mentioned below Transportation Available from Ahmedabad, Anand and Vadodara Canteen & Nescafe Provides high quality food at subsidized rates. Library Modern, well stocked, covering most subjects. Workshops Conducted by every department for students and staffs. Free Wi-fi Accessing Internet is very easy nowadays at SVIT. Girls Common Room Keeping in mind the necessities of girl students Sanitary Napkin Incinerators 2 Sanitary incinerators and 1 vending machine installed in girls common room and disabled girls washroom. Our Statistics Teaching students how to learn, unlearn, relearn are some of the skills we possess. Teachers having more than 5 years of experience 85% Satisfaction of students after joining SVIT-Vasad 95% Students opting for placements 80% Overall Performance 90% Why do people prefer us? Best Environment to Work with Pollution Free As well as politics free environment where work is worshipped and rewarded Innovation is a common thing here Inventions & Advancements Students try to surpass their teachers in innovating processes, products, services, etc. In fact there is a huge competition for innovation among students and faculty members. Learning is more enjoyable than ever Activity based learning, Hands on Workshops, Student Presentations, etc. make the learning process more enjoyable. Home of several talented and noble people Yes you read it correct! SVIT Vasad is a home for many students and staffs who are well-talented and noble. Hence retention ratio among staffs is too good. Additionally, SVIT alumni love to visit their college as and when chances happen. Students' Corner EDC IIPC Administration Grievance Redressal Cell Student Corner “Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. ― Robert Frost “Intelligence plus character-that is the goal of true education.” ― Martin Luther King Jr. Entrepreneurship Development Cell The Entrepreneurship Development Cell (EDC) was started with the object of promoting specialized knowledge in the field of entrepreneurship development. The cell strives to identify talented youth to entrepreneurial works and has organized various programmes regarding entrepreneurship development. Industry Institute Partnership Cell The objective of the IIP Cell is to reduce the gap between industry expectations (practice) and academic offerings (theory) by direct involvement of industry to attain a symbiosis. All the Stakeholders, namely: Institutions, Industry, Students and Society stand to gain as it can be a win-win partnership. Having a strong administration team is integral to the success of any learning institution. Here are best practices that are followed at our college for better administration: Set Clear Expectations Implement the 80/20 Principle Make Use Computer Technology Stay Focused On Results The function of the cell is to look into the complaints lodged by any student, and judge its merit. The Grievance cell is also empowered to look into matters of harassment. Anyone with a genuine grievance may approach the department members in person, or in consultation with the officer in-charge Students' Grievance Cell. In case the person is unwilling to appear in self, grievances may be dropped in writing at the letterbox/ suggestion box of the Grievance Cell at Administrative Block. Grievances may also be sent through e-mail to the officer in-charge of Students' Grievance Cell. Student Testimonials Studying at SVIT - Vasad has been one of my best decisions ever. -Boniface Lazarus SVIT - Vasad has opened my eyes to the limitless educational possibilities. -Dipesh Patel Our Recruiters Because of space limitations we could mention only some of the many recruiters of our students. Please feel free to contact the placement cell to hire fresh talents of SVIT - Vasad Do you still have a question in mind? You are always welcome to visit our campus, call us at +91 02692 274766/274489 or email us at svit_vasadgen@rediffmail.com. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Our Chairman's Message Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology is one of the most emerging educational campuses in the state of Gujarat, between Vadodara and Anand on the river bank of MAHI. SVIT offers Post Graduation and Graduation courses in various disciplines like computer, information technology, electronics and communication, instrumentation and control, electrical, mechanical, architecture and civil including unique course of aeronautical engineering. It also offers Post graduate programs in electrical, mechanical, civil, computer, information technology including MCA. This educational Campus believes in teaching and educational excellence promoting intelligent, hard working and technically curious minds. We have already developed state-of-the-art infrastructure including classrooms and laboratories in imparting world class education. We have a wide range of research programmes, and many curricular and extra curricular events to ignite the minds of students of Professional programmes. In order to raise the quality of our education and research, we have already signed MoUs with national and International institutions, industries and some more MoUs are in the process of finalization. I envision developing this institute as one of the top institutes of overall education. We plan to train our students in various industries so that knowledge gained in the academic institute is fruitfully utilized. In this regard, I would welcome the industries and institutes in India and abroad to come forward and train our students and professors so that they can be the future of India and the world at large and SVIT, VASAD can produce competent engineers and scientists with good human values. Since Inception, the emphasis has been to establish a world class center of excellence in technical education. I look forward to your whole hearted support and cooperation. - Chairman, SVIT - Vasad © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Our Principal's Message Sardar Vallabh bhai Patel Institute of Technology is one of the most emerging educational campuses in the state of Gujarat, between Vadodara and Anand on the river bank of MAHI. SVIT offers Post Graduation and Graduation courses in various disciplines like computer, information technology, electronics and communication, instrumentation and control, electrical, mechanical, architecture and civil including unique course of aeronautical engineering. It also offers Post graduate programs in electrical, mechanical, civil, computer, information technology including MCA. This educational Campus believes in teaching and educational excellence promoting intelligent, hard working and technically curious minds. We have already developed state-of-the-art infrastructure including classrooms and laboratories in imparting world class education. We have a wide range of research programmes, and many curricular and extra curricular events to ignite the minds of students of Professional programmes. In order to raise the quality of our education and research, we have already signed MoUs with national and International institutions, industries and some more MoUs are in the process of finalization. I envision developing this institute as one of the top institutes of overall education. We plan to train our students in various industries so that knowledge gained in the academic institute is fruitfully utilized. In this regard, I would welcome the industries and institutes in India and abroad to come forward and train our students and professors so that they can be the future of India and the world at large and SVIT, VASAD can produce competent engineers and scientists with good human values. Since Inception, the emphasis has been to establish a world class centre of excellence in technical education. I look forward to your whole hearted support and cooperation. - Dr. Devesh P. Soni, I/c. Principal, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Vision of the Institute To Provide high quality & highly empowered technological manpower with entrepreneurial zeal to industry, research & development institution & to social and government organizations. Mission of the Institute Maintain Status as the Center of Academic Excellence in Engineering Education in this region and One of the Best in the state of Gujarat. Become More Student Focused Constantly Upgrade Curricula to Meet Needs of the Society. Hire, Motivate and Reward Superior Faculty Members Develop Post Graduate Programs and Increase Research and Scholarly Activities Communicate and Collaborate More Effectively with Society Develop a Service-Oriented, Responsive & Accountable Administration Maintain and Further Develop Modern Facilities Follow Thoughts of Sardar Patel in Letter and Spirit that "Education without Character Development is Meaningless". © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Discipline & Conduct for Students All the students are hereby informed to observe college discipline scrupulously. Failure to comply with any of the rules, regulations or requirements notified from time to time will lead to strict disciplinary action. Students should take note of the following: 1. As per GTU Rules & Circular of Government, mobile phones are not permitted in the college premises. The college does not accept any responsibility for mobile phones and hence no complaints in this regard would be entertained by the college staff / authorities. 2. Students must take care of their belongings like Books, Laptops, Tablets, any electronic gadgets, etc. The college will not be held responsible for any loss. 3. Students are expected to read the Central Notice Boards and Notice Boards of their respective departments daily. 4. Students are advised to visit GTU website daily in order to get updated them selves. 5. Students must be on time for lecturers & laboratories. 6. Each student of this college must carry the identity card issued by the college. They are required to wear the ID card inside the college campus. They are required to display them prominently especially at the gate when entering the college and throughout the period they are on the campus. They must present it for inspection or verification whenever demanded by the college Authorities and / or Security Staff. No student shall be allowed to attend Lectures, Practical, etc. unless he/she has his/her Identity Card with him/her. 7. The students should not loiter in the college premises when the classes are in progress. When they are free, they should make use of the college library. 8. Students must not attend lectures other than their own without the special permission of the Professor concerned. 9. Students must do nothing either inside or outside the college that will in any way interfere with its orderly administration and discipline. They should not communicate any information or write anything about the college to the press or any external authority without the written permission of the Principal (Permission of the Principal will be taken through HOD). 10. It is compulsory that a student maintains a minimum attendance of 75% throughout and also at the end of each semester, to be eligible to appear in the university & internal examinations. 11. Students who are absent on medical grounds should intimate to the concerned HOD and produce a valid medical certificate along with an endorsement letter from the parent while reporting to college after recovery from illness. As per GTU, 10% of total absentia of students due to illness may be considered by the Institute on case to case basis. 12. Writing on walls, benches, drawing tables, furniture & toilets is strictly prohibited. Damage done to college property shall be recovered from those who are responsible for it. The cost of any damage so caused will be recovered from the students collectively, if the responsibility for it cannot be laid on any individual or group of individuals. 13. Students are liable to lose their term for disobedience, misconduct, misbehavior or for any act of indiscipline. 14. No picnics, socials, excursion or tours, fresher party, farewell party, etc. shall be arranged without the prior written permission of the Principal (Permission of the Principal will be taken through HOD). If students join an unofficial picnic or tour, the college shall not be responsible for anything that happens in the picnic or tour. 15. No student shall collect money as contribution to picnic, trip, educational visit, get-together, study notes, charity, fresher party, farewell party or any other activity without the prior written sanction of the Principal (Permission of the Principal will be taken through HOD). 16. Students joining the college shall observe all the Rules and Regulations of the college laid down from time to time. 17. Actions on matters not covered by the existing rules will be at the discretion of the Principal. 18. If any student is caught violating above stated and other college norms either through CCTV camera or by any other means, the appropriate action will be taken. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us About Our Institute 26 Acres of Land, Pollution Free Campus, AICTE Approved, Engineering College Inspiration: Ideals of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Trust: New English School Trust(NEST)-a philanthropic institution/society Approval/Affiliation: AICTE, DTE(Government of Gujarat),Gujarat Technological University Location: On the banks of the river Mahi, at Vasad, in a peaceful and pollution-free environment (25 km from Baroda and 20 km from Anand on NH-8) SVIT Campus: It comprises of 26 acres of land on which the institute building is Constructed with the plinth area of 232608(Carpet area 193840) sqft. Sufficient land is available for further development. Sports: Playgrounds for outdoor and indoor games facilities are available. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us History of Our Institute 26 Acres of Land, Pollution Free Campus, AICTE Approved, Engineering College Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology was established in 1997 with the ideals of Shri Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel. The New English School Trust, Vasad, constituted the Board of Management of SVIT under the chairmanship of an educationist and administrator of Gujarat, Prof. Shantibhai M Amin, Shri.Shivakaka and Shri. Chandukaka. SVIT houses an Aeronautical Engineering division as well, the only one in the State of Gujarat, with an intake of 60 students. It also has Architecture as a branch, called the College of Architecture. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Board of Management at SVIT - Vasad Management Committee Sr. No. Name Designation 1 Shri Bhaskarbhai C. Patel Chairman 2 Shri Dipakbhai K. Patel Vice Chairman 3 Shri Bhaveshbhai R. Patel Secretary 4 Shri Alpeshbhai V. Patel Treasurer 5 Shri Manishbhai R. Patel Joint Secretary © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Aeronautical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Aeronautics. Only college in Gujarat. Departmental Links Aeronautical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner About Aeronautical Engineering Department Started in 2003 the Department of Aeronautical Engineering has over the years adapted and improved with the fast pace of technology. A sincere and hardworking student body and wholehearted support of the dedicated faculty have contributed in no small measure to the professional successes enjoyed by a good number of individuals who graduated from this department. The department has been continually changing and evolving to meet the needs of modern industry and to train its students to pursue their goals with concentrated determination that has led former students to the greatest heights in their endeavor no matter what responsibility they choose to assume. With rapid changes in the professional world the department has also focused on the drawing of the information age and has conducted new workshops and laboratory facilities. The educational objectives for Aeronautical Engineering program are designed to produce competent engineers who are ready to contribute effectively to the advancement of aeronautical engineering causes and to accommodate the needs of the community. The objectives of the department is to give students a broad exposure to all areas of Aeronautical Engineering and mould them to be technically competitive and place them ahead in the race for quality employment and to enable the students to acquire practical experience in Aeronautical engineering discipline through design projects and opportunities to work with faculty in research. The department works to mould the students to become future engineers and innovators and make substantial contributions to the society of Aeronautical Engineers. Aeronautical Engineering or Aerospace Engineering is one of the highly ambitious and challenging fields of study in engineering and technology with very broad range for carrier growth Aeronautical Engineering is an immensely important in the present day world. Aeronautical engineering is an immensely exciting and challenging engineering in which you solve problems relating to the science and technology of aircraft\'s and other flying vehicles and come up with unique solutions to the problem. Aeronautical Engineering Courses imparts multi-faceted training to students in areas like manufacturing and development of aircraft\'s and missiles. An Aeronautical engineer can also design, test and contribute to the development of advanced technologies in the field of defence and space science. It specializes in the designing and planning, building, testing and operation of both commercial and military aircraft\'s, ballistic capsules and space vehicles and their components as well as satellites and missiles. Thrust areas in the field of Aeronautical Engineering are Aerodynamics, Aircraft Design, Aircraft Structures, Aircraft Propulsion, Helicopter Engineering, Computational Fluid Dynamics and Avionics. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Mechanical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to mechanical engineering. Departmental Links Mechanical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner About Mechanical Engineering Department Right from the establishment of SVIT, Mechanical department was started in 1997 with intake of 60 students. Mechanical department is well equipped with workshop and laboratories. Now we have intake of 120 students in B.E. Mechanical since 2010. And we also have post graduation in mechanical CAD/CAM branch since 2010 with intake of eighteen students. Discipline scales the newer heights every year because of its qualified and eminent faculty members and skilled supporting staff. By organizing various extra and co curricular events; departments have contributed in generation of technologically skilled human force in the national integrity. Number of research publications is observed in diversified domains by our eminent faculty members. The departments are well known for their excellent performance across the country. Students' Achievement © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Electrical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Electrical engineering. Departmental Links Electrical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Our Mission The mission of our institute is to meet the growing and diverse educational needs of the community through innovative learning opportunities along with inculcation of values of culture, morality and spirituality enabling students and employees to build productive careers and to develop itself as a center of excellence in a changing society. The Electrical Engineering Department is committed to this mission. Further to impart students multidirectional exposer to make them professional engineer. Brief History The Electrical Engineering Department was established in the Academic Year 1997-1998 with two lecturers and one Lab. Assistant with an intake of 60 students and further increased to 120 students from Academic Year 2013-2014. At present dept. works with highly qualified and well experienced faculties including 1 Professor, 1 Associate Professor 25 Assistant Professors and 8 Laboratory Assistants. Post Graduate course in Power System was introduced from academic year 2013-2014 with an intake of 18 students. The syllabus includes different areas of Electrical Engineering like Fundamentals of Electrical Engg, Power systems, Electrical Machines, Electronics, Power Electronics, Electrical Machine Design and also covers basic concepts of Mechanical and Civil Engineering & also provides an opportunity to learn additional courses related to latest technology in the field of Microprocessors, High Voltage Engineering, Communication and Computer Programming Techniques etc. Departmental Activities This department deals with the Electrical Engineering subjects’ right from the entry level to the final year in each branch. Sincerity and dedication of staff members enable to impart the knowledge to the students using various tools like conducting seminars, workshops etc. on different topics to make it interesting for students in continuous learning process and practical aspects of the theories taught in the classrooms. The department on the whole is deeply involved in teaching & guiding the student to prepare them to face the practical situation, when they pass out from this esteemed institution. Facilities at the Department Understanding the importance of infrastructure for learning process in such a professional course, the department is equally facilitated with hardware equipment/kits in house and procured from reputed vendors based and software tools based laboratories. Since its first graduate batch in the year 2001, a regular practice is adopted in exploring different software tools related to Electrical Engineering like PSCAD, ETAP, MATLAB, Power World Simulator to verify students carried out design/Analysis work as an assignment by using pen and paper. A. Laboratories The department has ELEVEN well-equipped laboratories as follows: Electrical Power System Laboratory 1) Principles of Electrical Engg. Lab. 2) Electrical Machine Laboratory 3) Electronics Laboratory 4) Electrical Power System Laboratory 5) Network Analysis & Synthesis Lab. 6) Measurement Laboratory 7) High voltage Laboratory 8) Microprocessor Laboratory 9) Simulation (UG) Laboratory 10) Simulation (PG) Laboratory 11) Research Laboratory B.Departmental Library Apart from 800 volumes related to Elect. Engg. Department in the central library, the department has its own small but qualitative library with about 45 books on various subjects and a rich collection of useful BIS catalogues, presentations and project reports undertaken by students. In addition the central library is subscribing 5 technical magazines related to the department and a wide collection of reference material in non-book form. C. Teaching Aids The department has a wide collection of various teaching aids including models, technical charts, transparencies, working cut section of machines, working models prepared by students etc used for better understanding for the students. The teachers also use latest teaching aids such as multimedia, OHP, LCD Projector etc. Departmental Interaction with Industries Understanding the importance of close co-ordination between Educational Institutions and Industries the department puts its constant efforts in establishing and enriching contacts with various industries. The department has received encouraging support from industries in various aspects related to syllabus designing, training and other technical support. Regular visits of electrical students to different power plants and leading industries are carried out at least once in a semester. Apart from this, students are encouraged and guided to have more industrial training & IDP. Invited experts from industries to deliver expert talk to the students. Also invited experts for review of IDP/UDP for BE students and DP for ME students. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Civil Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to civil engineering. Departmental Links Civil Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Right from the establishment of SVIT the Civil Engineering department came into existence since 1997 with initial intake of 60. Subsequently master course was started in the field of Structural Engineering in 2011 with the intake of 18. The department is well equipped with the state-of-art laboratories and highly qualified faculties. Majority of them possess doctorate degree from reputed institutes like IITs , NITs etc. The department is also an authorised schedule-I Auditor for Environmental Audit by Gujarat Pollution Control Board. This discipline scales the newer heights every year because of its qualified and eminent faculty members and skilled supporting staff. By organizing various extra and co-curricular events, department has contributed in generation of technologically skilled human force in the national integrity. Numbers of research publications are observed in diversified domains by our eminent faculty members. The department is well known across their excellent performance across the country. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Computer Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Computer engineering. Departmental Links Computer Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner About Computer Engineering Department Computer department was started in 1998 with intake of 60. This department are well equipped with the state-of-the-art laboratories. These discipline scales the newer heights every year because of its qualified and eminent faculty members and skilled supporting staff. By organizing various extra and co curricular events departments have contributed in generation of technology.Number of research publications is observed in diversified domains by our eminent faculty members. The departments is well known for their excellent performance. Computer Engineering Department has received Rs. 14.53 lacs fund by AICTE Under MODROB Scheme(Modernization and Development of Computer Graphics Laboratory) on December 21, 2009. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Information Technology Department This department teaches subjects related to Information Technology Departmental Links Information Technology About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner UG - IT Information Technology Department at SVIT, Vasad made a modest start in late nineties in the field of Engineering and Technology. The Bachelor of Engineering course in I.T Department started in 1998 with vision of providing quality education and skilled manpower to the Industry with the Initial intake of 40 seats. The department started expanding the wings by increasing the intake to 60 seats in 1999. Looking at the future potential of this discipline and the increasing manpower requirements for the technology in country, the intake went on increasing to 90 seats in 2001 and to 120 seats in 2011. The biggest achievement of the department came in 2009, when it was accredited by the National Board of Accreditation (NBA). PG – Systems and Network Security Technology has integrated itself into nearly every aspect of our lives, and with the cost of cyber crimes exceeding $100 billion each year, the need for increased security along with knowledgeable cyber security specialists has become critical. With the increasing demand in Cyber Crime Security, the Information Technology Department at SVIT, Vasad demanded to start the Masters of Engineering Programme in “Information and Cyber Warfare” and got the approval for similar specialization in Master of Engineering in Programme in “Systems and Network Security” in 2013 with the Intake of 18 seats. The goal of this programme is to develop highly qualified technical experts to meet the demands of the national, regional and international workplace for information and network security. The M.E programme provides opportunity to the students to explore and excel in various fields of research by applying the fundamentals gained in their yearlong dissertation. One day workshop on Software Testing" jointly organized by I.T. and M.C.A. department on 5th August, 2016 © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Electronics & Communication Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Electronics & Communication Departmental Links Electronics & Communication Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner About EC Department The department has fifteen glorious years of excellent service, started with U.G. course 40 seats in 1999 and it has now outnumbered the strength of 120 seats in U.G. and P.G. course with 18 seats in 2010. The department has highly skilled faculty members who have completed P.hd, pursued P.hd. & Master degree in different courses of core electronics. Some of the faculties have also been published their books in their respective fields. The department has also its own library and a separate PCB designing laboratory equipped with latest instruments and software. Department also arranging workshop for the students and the faculty members, which are useful for them to be upgraded with the latest trends. Special Achievements of Department 1) Department has received a grant of Rs.11,75,000/- under MODROB scheme from AICTE for the development of "Advance Communication System Lab" for Optimal Performance with specific hardware & software. 2) Department has received a grant of Rs. 15,00,000/- under MODROB scheme from AICTE for "Modernization and development of PCB art work & manufacturing plant laboratory." © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Instrumentation & Control Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Instrumentation & Control Departmental Links Instrumentation & Control Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner About IC Department Instrumentation & Control Engineering Department was established in 2001 with intake of 60 affiliated with Gujarat Technological University, Gujarat. The Department has well equipped laboratories with latest instruments such as Siemens and ABB PLC, ABB DCS, NI Elvis DC motor kit, and software’s such as LABVIEW, MATLAB, PSIM Simulator, Multisim etc... The department has well equipped process control laboratory with level control, pressure control, cascade control, Ratio control as well as heat exchanger and various pneumatic kits. Department has highly skilled faculty members who possess doctoral degree and many are pursuing PhD in different courses of core in Instrumentation & Control. Few faculties have filed patents on their research work, have published research papers in peer reviewed journals having good impact factor and also published books with international renowned publishers;have also received travel grants for presenting paper in international conferences in various countries, like china, Canada, Turkey, Malaysia etc. funded by DST, GUJCOST, GTU etc. I& C Dept. has undersigned MOUs with number of companies in and aoround Baroda for Students Project, Training, Expert Lecture, Seminar and Campus Placement. Department have successfully completed various projects funded by GUJCOST, IIPC, and IETE. Department has its own library with good reference books,magazines,journals and wide collection of various teaching methods including model, technical chart for better understanding of students. Different types of Seminar, Expert lectures and Workshops are organized under ISA Students’ Chapter in I&C Department. For the betterment of students, faculties conduct regular quiz in lectures and laboratories. The online objective type Fundamental Technical Knowledge Test (FTKT) is conducted at the end of the semester for each subject. All the students have to give two seminars in each semester using chalk and talk method. The department conducts mock placement which includes aptitude test, GD, PI for improving the placement activities. There is research paper writing and patent drafting lecture for LY, TY students by senior faculties of the department. LY students IDP/UDPs are continuously evaluated by industrial experts through conducting mid semester project review. Department is keen in regularly organising industrial visits for each semester in thermal power plants, nuclear power plants, chemical and gas industries , process industries, control valve manufacturing industries. There is a constant endeavor by the department to reduce the gap between industry and institute by regularly organising various workshops like calibration and maintenance workshop , Intool workshop etc. Various hands-on activities are conducted during skill development slots to improve knowledge and practical aspects of the students. Department Mission Vision Vision To be at par with the best universities offering engineering education at the undergraduate level programs in area of Instrumentation & Control Engineering. Provide a quality education with emphasis on strong fundamental, fostering creativity and use of modern tools. Support entrepreneurial activities for technology development. Mission Focus on students’ Quality academics and overall development. Also expose them to real life industrial situations through visits to industries, expert Lectures, seminars and workshops, projects in industry, demonstration of industrial instrumentation systems. Guide students for Placement Preparation, Career Planning, entrepreneurial abilities & skill. Obtain feedbacks from students, alumni, parents and employer for improvements Develop congenial environment in the department and also establish good infrastructure & laboratories. Look for development, growth & welfare of the faculties & staff members. To maintain the best status among all the Instrumentation & Control engineering departments in this region. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Master of Computer Applications Department This department teaches subjects related to Computer Applications Free Summer Workshop Series by MCA Department Departmental Links Master of Computer Applications About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner About MCA Department Vision of MCA Department “To provide skilled IT professionals with ability to adopt to new technologies and develop expertise in diverse domain.” Mission of MCA Department Equip students with analytical and logical skills to become an efficient IT solution provider. Instill research potential amongst faculty members and disseminate the research aptitude in the students. Evolve knowledge society for the development of centre of excellence. Enrich students with ethics, confidence, leadership qualities, communication skills and interpersonal relationships. Goals / Objectives of MCA Department Continue enriching delivery of course content to students so as to make them confident for analyzing problems and grooming them to provide solutions for real life IT applications. Continuously upgrade the knowledge and skills of all employees through a planned development in collaboration with industry and academic institutions. Motivate students to become responsible individuals. Encourage students to develop IT projects to meet industrial requirements. Educate the students so as to enhance their employability. Some of the startup companies by MCA students © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Applied Sciences & Humanities Department This department teaches subjects related to Applied Sciences and Humanities . Departmental Links Applied Sciences & Humanities About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner About AS & H Department © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us CENTRAL LIBRARY 26 Acres of Land, Pollution Free Campus, AICTE Approved, Engineering College Students of SVIT - Vasad could now access e-resources of SVIT library from here. However, this facility is available only from the PCs located at SVIT - Vasad. Information is an essential input to national development. The modern library has great responsibility in harnessing and utilization of information. The library and information centers strive for high quality of library services which emphasis the actual delivery of information rather than actual delivery of documents for meeting their generic as well as specific needs of the users. The central library is based on the objectives of the parent institute of SVIT.The SVIT Library consists of a central library and 10 departmental libraries which collectively support the teaching, research and extension programs of the Institute. All students, faculty members of the institute are entitled to make use of the library facilities on taking library membership. The library, besides having a huge collection of books on engineering, science and humanities offers library services through its various divisions.Information is an essential input to national development. The modern library has great responsibility in harnessing and utilization of information. The library and information centers strive for high quality of library services which emphasis the actual delivery of information rather than actual delivery of documents for meeting their generic as well as specific needs of the users. The central library is based on the objectives of the parent institute of SVIT.The SVIT Library consists of a central library and 10 departmental libraries which collectively support the teaching, research and extension programs of the Institute. All students, faculty members of the institute are entitled to make use of the library facilities on taking library membership. The library, besides having a huge collection of books on engineering, science and humanities offers library services through its various divisions. Mission Library serves as a resource center and aims to develop a comprehensive collection of document’s useful for faculty and students of the institute and provides an efficient dissemination of knowledge. Vision Library aims to be best among engineering college libraries in the Gujarat state. Library intends to incorporate the latest technology and adopt user friendly approach towards students and faculty. Library intends to offer comprehensive services related to dissemination of Knowledge. Membership Details The central library is mainly for the user of faculty, students and supporting staff of the institution. They can borrow books and reference books as per the library rules. Members Library Cards Loan period Late Fee Principal/ Director/ HOD 15 180 days Professor/Associate Prof./ Assis. Prof. 10 180 days 3/- per day per book Other staff 02 14 days -do- Students 03 14 days -do- ME Students 05 14 days -do- Library Timings Monday To Saturday 9.00 A.M. to 6.00 P.M. (All working days) Holiday Sunday And Public Holiday library will closed LIBRARY AREA : 1396.84 sqm. (p.a.) LIBRARY COLLECTION Total collection of the library : Total No. of Books 48093 Total No. of Titles 13524 Back Volumes 1559 Offline E-Books 1800+ Seminar Reports 381 Maps 13 I S Specifications 271 Journals/ Periodicals Indian Journals (Printed) 128 International Journals (Printed) 97 Online E-Journals (International) nil Media Resource Centre (Digitalized) CD/DVDs 3335 Flopies 125 Vedio Cassettes 13 Offline Articles 10,000 + University Exam papers (Soft copy) Last fivers Ph.D / ME Thesis 20 DELNET Database One year Classification Systems Dewey decimal classification Cataloguing systems: AACR II Rules Webopac © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Placement Summary Academic Year 2016 - 2017 Department No. of Students Placed Aeronautical Engineering 11 Civil Engineering 01 MCA 09 Instrumentation & Control Engineering 07 Electronics and Communication Engineering 20 Electrical Engineering 17 Mechanical Engineering 23 Computer Engineering 48 Information Technology 41 Total 177 © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Placement Details Academic Year 2016 - 2017 Click on the Academic Year below to View Corresponding Previous Placement Details 2015-16 2014-15 2013-14 2012-13 Sr.No. Name of the company Sr.No. Name of the students Branch 1 L M Wind Power, Halol 1 Abhi Vyas Mechanical 2 Sonali Sharma Electrical 2 ERDA, Vadodara 3 Umesh Parik Electrical 3 IntegrationPoint, Vadodara 4 Yesh Kushwah E&C 5 Vedant Pawar IT 6 Arpit Agrawal Computer 4 Inel, Vadodara 7 Abhishel Patel I&C 5 Sophos, Ahemdabad 8 Aditi Mistry IT 6 TCS, Gandhinagar 9 Bansari Oza E&C (ME) 10 Keval Doshi E&C 11 Tanvi Phadke E&C 12 Aakanksha Mathur E&C 13 Roshni Mahani IT 14 Devanshi Thacker IT 15 Ishani Bhadoria IT 16 Lavika Devpura Electrical 17 Yagneshwar Iyer Electrical 18 Neeshit Kaushik Computer 19 Vaibhavi Gisai Computer 20 Shivani Tare Computer 21 Alpeshkumar Parmar Mechanical 22 Deep Patel Computer 23 Yash Abhyankar omputer 24 Anant Pillai IT 25 Ruchit Trivedi Mechanical 7 Maruti Techlabs 26 Neha Kansara MCA 8 Window Maker 27 Kishan Vaishnav IT 910 Capgemini, Mumbai 28 Vidhi Atul Desai IT 29 Harshal Mahendra Hundlani E&C 30 Ojha Hilor Rasbihari E&C 31 Desai Hetvi Jayeshbhai IT 32 Mihir Kanakmal Jain E&C 33 Nair Jatin Krishnan E&C 34 Neetika Agarwal E&C 35 Rushi Samirbhai Patel Computer 36 Ritu Yadav IT 37 Mukti Vijaykumar Vyas Computer Cygnet, Ahmedabad 38 Palav Jhaveri Computer 39 Nagma Sheikh IT 40 Shivani Tharot Computer 41 Kamna Jadhav Computer 42 Yash Dodiya IT 43 Mubaraka Bharucha IT 44 Dweep Shah Computer 45 Krishna Bhatt IT 46 Jainam Desai IT 47 Faraz Pathan IT 48 Ashutosh Kumar Computer 49 Murtuza Ranapurwala Computer 11 Atos, Vadodara 50 Yash Pradip Abhyankar Computer 51 Ambarish Vinayak Bakre Computer 52 Rishabh Sunil Parikh Computer 53 Isheeta Bharat Sarvaiya Computer 54 Khushali Suryakant Shah Computer 55 Hemant Hiranand Chetwani Computer 56 Niramay Ravindra Kelkar Computer 57 Samyak Dharmeshbhai Surti Computer 58 Amey Nitin Pradhan Computer 59 Manushi Bhadreshkumar Shah Computer 60 Jinal Sanjaykumar Shah Computer 61 Vineeth Wells George Computer 62 Vipal Arvindbhai Patel Computer 63 Manthan Ashok Khanvilkar Computer 64 Shah Mudra Sanjaybhai Computer 65 Archana Pradhan E&C 66 Piyusha Deepak Lokre E&C 67 Manali Yadav IT 68 Meghana Ajay Gupta IT 69 Harshverdhan Jagdishbhai Kher IT 70 Anant Sahadevan Pillai IT 71 Priyanka Pathai IT 72 Alisha Mahebubbhai Agaria IT 73 Jasmita Kiran Shirke IT 74 Sagar Anil Sharma IT 75 Varun Vilas Mahagaokar IT 76 Shreya Gopal Shukla IT 77 Alisha Mukesh Dodia IT 78 Urvil Kalpesh Shah IT 79 Akshay Sunil Chawla MCA 80 Madhuri Roopkumar Makhija MCA 81 Ms. Divya Parekh MCA 82 Jay D Patel MCA 83 Abhigna Mehta MCA 84 Mansi Kansara MCA 12 Tatva Soft, Ahmedabad 85 Vrundan Thacker IT 13 Samnar, Bangalore 86 Akash Bhatia Mechanical 87 Abhishek Pawar Mechanical 14 Radix, Ahmedabad 88 Vidhi Thakkar IT 89 Aesha Shah IT 90 Dhwanil Upadhyay IT 91 Margi Tailor IT 15 Phono, Vadodara 92 Yesh Soni Computer 16 L&T Infotech, Mumbai 93 Ishita Chaubal Computer 94 Priyanka Upadhyaya Computer 95 Rani Changela Computer 96 Shreya Parmar IT 97 Anushree Juthani IT 98 Shivani Badgujar E&C 99 Lakshit Chamoli E&C 100 Chirag Chokshi Computer 17 Health Care Solution, Vadodara 101 Medha Maniar IT 102 Jay Unewal Computer 103 Binal Patel Computer 104 Dhruvi Patel Computer 105 Jayan Patel Computer 18 Coca Cola, Goblej 106 Parth Gupta Electrical 107 Kunj Shah Electrical 19 Collabera, Vadodara 108 Mangali Sufaija Hamza Electrical 109 Sabitha Sasidharan E&C 110 Udayraj Sawant MCA 111 Binimol Thomas E&C 112 Akshar Vakil Mechanical 20 Rang Technology, Vadodara 113 Anu Varkey E&C 114 Krunal Parmar Computer 115 Sangeetha Balasubhrmanyam Aeronautical 116 Khyati Patel I&C 117 Kajal Sewani Electrical 118 Sanket Tamboli E&C 119 Subenthira Patgunarajah Aeronautical 120 Divyesh Lohana E&C 121 Prachit Prajapati Aeronautical 122 Kaustabh Sinha Electrical 21 Peaas Software, Vadodara 123 Harsha Patil IT 124 Shweta Panchal IT 22 Linde, Vadodara 125 Dhruv Panchal Mechanical 126 Vinitkumar A Patel Mechanical 127 Charmie Bhaveshbhai Thakkar I&C 128 Akshta Kiranchandra Saalkar Electricak 23 IRIS Business, Navi Mumbai 129 Devang Barot Computer 130 Kunj Tandel Computer 131 Nilay Joshi IT 24 eSec, Ahmedabad 132 Anjali Singh E&C 25 IntegrationPoint, Vadodara 133 Karthik Menon Electrical 134 Hardik Tejani Electrical 26 SVAPATA IT Ally, Vadodara 135 Jaydatt IT 136 Vishakha Computer 27 Elmex Control, Vadodara 137 Ruchit Paresh Shah Electrical 138 Jui Vinashkumar Gajjar Electrical 139 Kriti Lolaksha Devadiga Electrical 140 Vrah Sheth Electrical 141 Siddhish Pawar Mechanical 28 Flydocs, Vadodara 142 Mohit Patel Aeronautical 143 Shainil Shah Aeronautical 29 Automation Anywhere, Vadodara 144 Ashish Zarekar MCA 30 XMS Solutions, Ahmedabad 145 Mohini Jadhav Computer 146 Anjali Rathod Computer 147 Nirali Rana Computer 148 Nikhil Rana Computer 149 Ketan Patil Computer 150 Kinnal Parmar IT 151 Pinky Murjani IT 31 Kuster Calico, Vadodara 152 Maulin Shah Mechanical 153 Abhishelk Mujmudar Mechanical 154 Mehul Chauhan Mechanical 155 Pratik Jain Mechanical 156 Sagar Pancholi Mechanical 32 Deepak Phenolic, Vadodara 157 Kavish Thakkar I&C 33 Hitech, Ahmedabad 158 Vinas Ukani Aeronautical 159 Viral Suthar Aeronautical 34 Rishabh Software, Vadodara 160 Tosha Computer 35 Aarti Industries, Vapi 161 Abhi Shah Mechanical 162 Jigar Shah Mechanical 163 Chirag Agrawal Electrical 164 Dharak Bhatt I&C 165 Aagam Shah I&C 166 Darshan Mehta Civil 36 mbh Pumps, Ahmedabad 167 Malak Bhanushali Mechanical 168 Choudhari Mitesh Mechanical 169 Harsh Shah Mechanical 37 Vadodara Windows 170 Kaushal Jani Mechanical 171 Vinit Shah Mechanical 172 Jayrajsinh Rana Mechanical 173 Yash Mevasi Mechanical 38 Parul Arogya Seva Mandal, Limda 174 Jaimin Varia Aeronautical 175 Dipesh Khunt Aeronautical 176 Ravi Pansheriya Aeronautical 177 Ajaykumar Chaudhari Aeronautical © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Placement Officers of SVIT - Vasad Core People taking care of training and placement activities of students Name Designation Email Mobile Phone Prof. Ajit Shah Placement Officer placement@svitvasad.ac.in 9825726428 02692-274766 Ext. 255 Direct: 02692-274340 Dr. Sohil D. Pandya Placement Officer placement@svitvasad.ac.in 9825714448 02692-274766 Ext. 216 © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Research and Development Cell Objectives: To create awareness and opportunities in Research and Development among the students & faculty and to create Research and Development atmosphere in every department; To create interest and atmosphere among the staff members to take up Research projects and improve their knowledge, skills and qualifications by registering Ph. D’s; To motivate the faculty members of the group for R&D activities in the area of their specialization; To encourage staff members and students to publish technical papers for publishing in National and reputed International Conferences/Journals; To encourage faculty members of all the disciplines in Engineering/Science /Humanities in R&D activities for their professional growth; To assist the students to apply funding for conducting research under student project scheme to various funding agencies like GUJCOST, ISTE, IEI (I), DRDO, TCS, Infosys etc.; To assist for applying and getting funds for conducting Seminar/Workshop/FDP from various available funding agencies; To coordinate faculty level workshops and staff development activities on research-related issues; Initiatives: Faculty awareness programs to enrich the faculty on various schemes of funding agencies. Help desk @ o/o Dean (R&D) to supplement Project proposal/report preparation with necessary certificates, undertakings, audit, etc. Development programs for further enhancing the pedagogic skills, research skills & Industry Institute partnership activities. Achievements: Signed MOU with Gujarat Energy Research and Management Institute (GERMI), Gandhinagar to collaborate research in the fields of Renewable Energy. GUJCOST-DST Sanctioned research projects which are ongoing in various departments. Financial outlay of Sponsored research projects is increased by 10% during 2015-16. Research and Development has a special significance apart from its conventional coupling of scientific research and technological development. We at SVIT wants to excel as an intellectual corporation fostering excellent research, development, sponsored projects, consultancy, continuing education and Industry Institute Interaction in addition to its best academic repute. SVIT motivates it’s faculty members and Students to carry out research work in areas of relevance in line with the institute‘s Vision and Mission to take innovative projects to meet societal needs, generate research ideas, project proposals to seek research awards/grants from various funding agencies, establish Centre of Excellence in the college. SVIT also encourages & motivates the students and the faculty of the Institute, to update the knowledge which leads to further investigation and progress to extend a helping hand to the industries in the region for their product development. SVIT wishes and entrusts all the departments to actively get involved in Research, Development, Consultancy activities, registering for patents, copyrights, publications in peer reviewed journals and conferences, hosting conferences, STTPs, seminars, symposiums and workshops. Accordingly an independent R&D Cell has been established to promote and monitor the research programs of the Institute. R & D cell is headed by a Dean (R&D) and supported by HODs, group and department wise coordinators and office staff. The R & D cell administers all the research Programs of the institute by monitoring and coordinating the research Personnel. It conducts the research review meeting to scrutinise the research proposals, examine the quality of research being conducted by various teams. The R &D cell also encourages submitting research proposals for institutional funding on relevant defined problems and research scholarships/fellowships. Click Here to View/Download Research and Development Profile of SVIT - Vasad For further details and discussions, please contact us: Dean, (Research & Development) Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology (SVIT) Behind ST Bus Depot, VASAD-388306 District & Taluka: ANAND, Gujarat, INDIA Phone: +91 2692 274766, Extension: 217,215 Email: dean_research@svitvasad.ac.in To Post Your Research Queries Click Here © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Prakarsh - A National Level Tech Fest 26 Acres of Land, Pollution Free Campus, AICTE Approved, Engineering College Every year we organize PRAKARSH, a national level technical symposium to bring together the best brains in the country and give them a chance to showcase their skills and talents.This would give a platform for the students to interact and compete with each other. There are non-technical events too to incorporate fun activities alongside the technical fervour followed by Pro-nights. PRAKARSH 2006, PRAKARSH 2007, PRAKARSH 2008, PRAKARSH 2009, PRAKARSH 2010, PRAKARSH 2011, PRAKARSH2012, PRAKARSH 2013, PRAKARSH 2014 and PRAKARSH 2015 were a great success and they have set the benchmark, which we intend to surpass this year.In a way,these events helped greatly to develop the potential of budding techno managers from various regions.This year our proposed theme is "Defence Peace and Technology". Prakarsh Site - www.prakarsh.org © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Annual Day Celebrations - A Glimpse 26 Acres of Land, Pollution Free Campus, AICTE Approved, Engineering College Variety is the spice of life. Life without feasts and celebrations is charm less and lifeless. So is true in case of college life. Without functions and celebrations college life becomes monotonous and uninteresting. Therefore, almost all the colleges have certain annual functions such as, Annual Sports Day, Parents' Day, Teachers' Day, College Anniversary Day, etc. These celebrations add colour and charm to college life. Celebrated annually to commemorate the foundation day of the Institute. The day is celebrated at the close of the academic session. It provides an opportunity to assess the achievements and shortfalls. The students are actively associated in all the segments of the programme. Rather, they manage all the activities by themselves. The presentation of annual report of college activities is a special feature of the annual day function. Felicitation and distribution of certificates of merit in due acknowledgement to the students, faculty and staff of the college for their exemplary performance in different academic pursuits forms another segment of the programme. Various cultural programmes are organized by the students of SVIT-Vasad. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Spandan - Enlightening the Unfold Edges 26 Acres of Land, Pollution Free Campus, AICTE Approved, Engineering College On the very precious day of 15th September, 2015“VISION” was organized in the premises of our college Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology. Vision is organized under “Indian Society of Technical Education” every odd semester of the academic year since 2010. Each Department hosts a set of events and workshops for the students to participate and maximize their skills and gain some amount of knowledge apart from the bookish facts and figures. This is also a platform for the students to enhance the technical as well as management skills by managing the events further to enlighten each departments’ name. The events were kicked off with the inauguration by the Head of the Department and the ISTE coordinator of each department. The events started by 10 am and got over by 3.30 PM With a plethora of events ranging from basic technical knowledge to the tasking non-technical events and not to forget the On the Spot events and the breath taking flash mob performed by each department the entire day was fun-filled and joyful. Taking into consideration the engineering background and interest of innovative and young minds the events were well framed as to not just sharpen the minds of the students but also to make them ready for the future which lies ahead. The day ended with everyone dancing to the melodious tunes of Garba and some peppy songs. Lastly Vision-15 truly lived up to the expectations of ‘learning with fun’ in just a time span of morning to evening. The success of Vision needs to be applauded to each and every brick which has laid the foundation to build Vision and marking the future of SVIT to be a promising one. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Indian Society for Technical Education 26 Acres of Land, Pollution Free Campus, AICTE Approved, Engineering College ISTE STUDENTS' CHAPTER CORE COMMITEE ISTE Student Chapter, SVIT has constituted a core committee for the academic year 2013-2014 to organize and conduct the prestigious event, Prakarsh-2014. This core committee comprises of the members listed in the following table: Dr. Devesh. P. Soni, Chairman, ISTE Students' Chapter, SVIT, Vasad Dr. N. M. Trivedi, Secretary, ISTE Students' Chapter, SVIT, Vasad Name of Post Name of Student Name of Post Name of Student Chief Student Coordinator Mr. Rahul Taneja (T. Y., I. T.) Joint Chief Student Coordinator Mr. Tushar Chaudhari (T. Y., Elect.) Technical Coordinator Mr. Pathik Mohta (T. Y., Mech.) Joint Technical Coordinator Ms. Honey Bherwani (T. Y., Comp.) Administrative Coordinator Mr. Raunaq Patel (T. Y., I. T.) Joint Administrative Coordinator Mr. Heet Khanpara (T. Y., Civil) Finance Coordinator Ms. Nehal Joshi (T. Y., I. T.) Joint Finance Coordinator Ms. Juhi Mehta (T.Y., Civil), Mr. Abhishek Singh (T. Y., I&C) Coordinator for Sponsorships & Fund-raising Mr. Chirag Gupta (T. Y., Elect.) Joint coordinator for Sponsorship & Fund-raising Mr. Kishan Mahajan (T. Y., E&C) Coordinator for Promotions Mr. Yash Rajai (T. Y. Mech.) Joint Coordinator for Promotions Ms. Gayathri V.(T.Y., I. T.), Ms. Priya Nair (T.Y., Comp.) © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us International Society of Automation 26 Acres of Land, Pollution Free Campus, AICTE Approved, Engineering College ISA Student's Chapter About ISA Founded in 1945, the International Society of Automation (www.isa.org) is a leading, global, nonprofit organization that is setting the standard for automation by helping over 30,000 worldwide members and other professionals solve difficult technical problems, while enhancing their leadership and personal career capabilities. Based in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina, ISA develops standards, certifies industry professionals, provides education and training, publishes books and technical articles, and hosts conferences and exhibitions for automation professionals. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Indian Society Of Heating, Refrigerating and Air- conditioning Engineers ISHRAE Student Chapter ISHRAE Student Chapter SVIT ISHRAE Student Chapter (Mechanical Engineering Department) About ISHRAE: ISHRAE started at Delhi in 1981 and a Chapter was started in Bangalore during 1989. Between 1989 & 1993, ISHRAE Chapters were formed in all major cities in India and also in the Middle East. ISHRAE is an Indian Society of Heating, Refrigeration and Air-conditioning Engineers, is a building technology society. The Society and its members focus on building systems, energy efficiency, indoor air quality, refrigeration and sustainability within the industry. Through research, standards writing, publishing and continuing education, ISHRAE shapes tomorrow’s built environment today. Student Coordinator: SVIT ISHRAE Student chapter team for year 2015-16 Mr. Yash Kunpara (President) Mr. Fraizer Gai (Secretary) Mr. Pratik Jain (Treasurer) Faculty Coordinator: SVIT ISHRAE Student chapter team for year 2015-16 Dr. P V Ramana (Head ME) Mr. S P Patel (Faculty, ME) Mrs S K Shah (Faculty, ME) SVIT ISHRAE Student Chapter is under by ISHRAE Vadodara Chapter, started on 11-03-2008 Why we will join SVIT ISHRAE Student Chapter? Some of the key benefits that the Student Community gains as follows: Access to technical seminars and major events organized by ISHRAE. Regular technical seminars and programs on AC & R Subjects at their college premises by experts from the HVAC (Heating Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) industry Receipt of periodic ISHRAE journals to all Student members at subsidized rates. One-on-one interaction and exposure for the Students with who's who in the HVAC industry during these events. Access to Scholarships and Sponsors from Corporate Participation in National Events and Surveys enhancing their visibility and employability Easy access to Fundamental and Basic courses organized by IIE (ISHRAE Institute of Excellence) which increases the employability of students. Soft skills training to further increase employability and overall development of Students. Last but not the least placement opportunities in the HVAC industry. While we have a long way to go in consolidating these efforts and providing further benefits to the students we are confident that we have started in the right direction. The role of the Faculty Advisor in each of these institutions and the mentors from each chapter from the ISHRAE fraternity have key role in anchoring this initiative to greater heights. We are positive and have even bigger dreams to make the core industry once again a bastion for the students. ISHRAE Student Membership Annual Fee: Rs. 350.00 Contact: ishrae.svit@gmail.com, hod.mech@svitvasad.ac.in Total Members of SVIT Student chapter till date: 39 Activities : 1. Expert lecture on “Refrigeration and Air-conditioning” 2. Industrial visit is made at APMC market (Vadodara), and many are planned. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Sports - Competition, Mental, Physical Effort 26 Acres of Land, Pollution Free Campus, AICTE Approved, Engineering College Students of SVIT - Vasad receiving Awards for Sports Accomplishments at Annual Function, Gujarat Technological University SVIT's first student, Atit Sheth, who had played Ranji Trophy Prestigious Indian Cricket Tournament from Baroda Cricket Association team. SVIT Boys had participated in GTU VV Nagar zone Badminton Tournament at GCET, VV Nagar. The teams reached the finals. The finals of the teams were against BVM, VV Nagar and our team stood 2nd and got qualified for GTU Inter zonal Tournament. SVIT BOYS team are coming in the finals since last 6 years. The following are the team members:- (1)TRIVEDI DHRUMIL ( B.E MECH.) (2)SHAH PATHIK (B.E MECH.) (3)GUJAR PRATHMESH (T.Y CE) (4)TICKOO MOHIT(T.Y MECH) (5)MAYUR TANDEL(S.Y MECH) (6)VINAY SHARMA (S.Y ELECT.) (7)RAVIKUMAR PATEL (F.Y E&C) The SVIT Girls team got qualified for GTU Interzonal Badminton Tournament at Marwadi College,Rajkot. Our Girls team clearing out the quarters and semi’s reached the finals scoring straight two. Our team winning the hearts of audience stood 1stand one player got selected for GTU Team for AIU West Zone Badminton Tournament. The following are the team members:- (1)SHAIMA PATEL (B.E E&C) (2)HEMSHRI PUROHIT (F.Y E&C) (3)SANCHAYEETA GOGOI(F.Y E&C) GTU VV Nagar Zone Girls Basketball tournament 2015-16 was held at ADIT, New VV Nagar. SVIT Girls team reached to the finals. They gave a toughs fight to PIET and our girl’s team stood 2nd and got qualified for GTU Inter Zonal Basketball Tournament. At zonal level our team could not achieve any position yet 2 players were selected for GTU Girls Basketball Team for AIU West zone Inter University Basketball (Girls) Tournament. Following are the names of the players of Basketball girl’s team:- (1) SHAIMA PATEL (B.E E&C) (2)DHILLON YASHPREET KAUR (B.E IT) (3)PATEL YOGI (B.E I&C) (4)YESHA KUSHWAH (B.E E&C) (5)SURABHI CHAUDHARY(T.Y E&C) (6)KRISHNA BHATT(T.Y IT) (7)TOUSHI JHA (T.Y E&C) (8)MADHAVI LATHAR (S.Y IT) (9)ANJALI GOSWAMI (S.Y AERO) (10)DEVADIGA KRITI(S.Y ELECT) (11)MITALI MANIYAR(F.Y CE) (12)ASTHA SHAH (F.Y IT) SVIT had participated in GTU VV Nagar Zone Chess Tournament 2015-16. Our Chess team showed an outstanding performance, stood 1st scoring 17.5 points out of 20 and got qualified for GTU Inter Zonal Chess Tournament. SVIT Chess team is either winner or Runner’s up in VV Nagar zone Chess Tournament and getting qualified for GTU Inter zonal since last 6 years. Following are the team members who made us proud:- (1) Miss.Dave Niyanta (F.Y IC) (2)Mr.DOSHI KEVAL ( T.Y E&C ) (3)Mr.KUMAVAT VIJAY (T.Y MECH.) (4)HASRAJANI VISHAL (T.Y E&C) (5)Mr.PARMAR ANANDKUMAR (B.E MECH.) (6)DESAI DHVANIT (S.Y AERO) SVIT had participated in V V Nagar Zone football tournament which was hosted by PIET,Limda,Vadodara. Our girl’s team defeating BVM in semifinal with 1-0 reached the finals. At final giving tough fight to Parul we stood Runner’s up. Following are the players who made us proud: PATEL SHAIMA(B.E E&C) (2)ASTHA SHAH(F.Y IT) (3)DIVYA PATEL (FY CE) (4) SURABHI CHAUDHARY (T.Y E&C) (5)KRISHNA BHATT (T.Y IT) (6) PATEL KRINA (S.Y CE) (7)RAJSHREE JENA (FY EE) (8) PRIYANKA PATEL (BE Civil) (9)RIYA SHAH (SY IC) (10) DHILLON YASHPREETKAUR (B.E IT) (11) VAIDEHI SHAH (FY Comp) SVIT Boys team participated at GTU Inter Zonal Hockey tournament 2015-16. Organised by GCET at Shastri Medan, VV Nagar SVIT team boys showed nice techniques reached to the finals. The final of boys was with LIT,Sarigam and our team stood 1st scoring 4-3. Following are the names of the players of SVIT Hockey boy’s team:- (1) AAKASH PATEL (T.Y ELECT) (2) DHRUSHEEL PANCHAL(T.Y E&C ) (3) LAKDAWALA IRBAZ (T.Y ELECT) (4) PARTH PATEL (T.Y MECH) (5) PRAJAPATI JANAK (T.Y IC) (6) SAMARTH MISTRY (T.Y MECH) (7) GOURAV YADAV (T.Y MECH) (8) VEDANGKUMAR PATEL (T.Y MECH) (9) ABHISHEK MUJUMDAR (S.Y MECH) GTU VV Nagar Zone Girls KABADDI tournament 2015-16 was held at PARUL INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY,LIMDA, VADODARA. The girls showed nice techniques reached to the finals. Our team won the finals against ADIT, New VV Nagar and got qualified for Inter zonal. Miss. RITU MISTRY was awarded the best player of the Tournament. Following are the names of the players of SVIT KABADDI girl’s team:- (1)ISHEETA SARVAIYA (T.Y E&C) (2)MISTRI RITU(T.Y AERO) (3)MILI PATEL(T.Y IC) (4)PATEL MANISHA(T.Y E&C) (5)VYAS NITYASHRI(F.Y IT) (6)YESHNA ARYA(S.Y AERO) (7)SURABHI CHOUDHARY(T.Y E&C) (8)SHAIKH NAGMA(T.Y IT) (9)GALANI REENA(T.Y E&C) (10)MISTRY PRIYAL (T.Y IC) (11)BRAHMBHATT SHREENI(T.Y E&C) (12)VRUTI PATEL(B.E IT) SVIT girls Kho - Kho team once again become the Champion at VV Nagar Zone level. Our Girls Kho - Kho team defeated KJIT, Savli in the semi finals and reached the finals. In the finals our team defeated ADIT, New VV Nagar with huge margin and conquered the Championship. Following are the players who made us proud. (1) NOOPUR BHATT (B E CE) (2) PATEL SHAIMA (BE E & C ) (3) SHIVANGI PATEL B E I T) (4) KESHA SHAH (TY C E) (5)VAIDEHI SHAH (FY COMP) (6) CONTRACTOR NIDHI (SY Comp) (7)PRIYANKA PATEL (BE Civil) (8) PATEL VIDHI (BE CE) (9)RIYA SHAH (SY IC) (10) VRUTI PATEL (FY IT) (11) PATHAK VISHWA (SY CE) (12) SHIVANI GAJJAR (TY EE) This year SVIT Men team participated in GTU Inter zonal AQUATIC tournament which was held at SCET, Surat. Three players got selected for GTU AQUATIC team who represented at AIU level. Following are the names of the players of AQUATIC team:- RESULT GTU INTER-ZONAL AQUATIC TOURNAMENT 2015-16 Sr. No. NAME OF STUDENT ENROLLMENT NO. EVENT RESULT 1 CHOKSHI MITHIL 130410109016 200M-BREAST STROKE 100M-BREAST STROKE 50M-BREAST STROKE 400M-FREE STYLE 4*100M-FREE STYLE RELAY 1ST 2ND 3RD 3RD 2ND 2 VIPAL PATEL 130410107080 1500M –FREE STYLE 200M-BACK STROKE 2ND 3RD 3 ABHISHEK PHATAK 130410117001 1500M-FREE STYLE 4*100M-FREE STYLE RELAY 1ST 2ND 4 SHAH DEEP 15BECEG091 4*100M-FREE STYLE RELAY 2ND 5 PANCHOLI SAGAR 130410119050 200M-BACK STROKE 4*100M-FREE STYLE RELAY 2ND 2ND This year SVIT Girls team participated in GTU Inter zonal Girls Lawn Tennis tournament was held at GCET. SVIT Girls team reached to the finals and stood 2nd.Three players got selected for AIU West Zone. Following are the names of the players of Basketball girl’s team:- (1)CONTRACTOR NIDHI (S.Y CE) (2)PATEL KRINA (S.Y CE) (3)SHAIMA PATEL (B.E E&C) SVIT Girls team had participated in Inter Zonal Table Tennis Tournament at ITM. The team reached the finals. The girls team also stood 1st and won the finals against MBIECT with score 3-1. The following are the team members:- BOYS GIRLS (1) JOSHI VEDANT (T.Y CE) (1)YAGNIK SHAILEE (T.Y I.C) (2)BAXI NISHAD ( B.E IC) (2)MEHTA KENA (T.Y ELECT.) (3)JHALA PREMRAJSINH (S.Y CIVIL) (3)BHARUCHA MUBARAKA (T.Y IT) (4)PAREKH KARAN (F.Y MECH) (4)MADHAVI LATHAR(S.Y IT) ��� (5)SAWANT BALLAR (F.Y MECH) Our SVIT Girls team had participated at VV Nagar Zone Volleyball tournament at PIT,LIMDA. Our team showing outstanding performance reached the finals. Our team stood 2nd. Following are the players who made us proud. ANSHI VERMA (FY EC) (2)RAJSHREE JENA (FY ELECT) (3)LIPI DESAI (TY IT) (4) ARCHANA PRADHAN (TY EC) (5)VAIDEHI SHAH (FY COMP) (6) PATEL SHAIMA (BE EC) (7)SATHWARA LIPI (BE COMP) (8) SHIVANI THORAT (TY COMP) (9)ROHIT BHUMIKA (FY ELECT) (10) KRISHNA BHATT (TY IT) Our SVIT Girls team had participated at GTU Inter Zonal Volleyball tournament 2015-16 at Alpha College of Engg & Tech. (A.C.E.T),Khatraj, Gandhinagar. Our team showing outstanding performance and reached the finals. Our team winning the hearts of audience stood 1st Possession. Following are the players who made us proud. ANSHI VERMA (FY EC) (2)RAJSHREE JENA (FY ELECT) (3)LIPI DESAI (TY IT) (4) ARCHANA PRADHAN (TY EC) (5)VAIDEHI SHAH (FY COMP) (6) PATEL SHAIMA (BE EC) (7)SATHWARA LIPI (BE COMP) (8) SHIVANI THORAT (TY COMP) (9)ROHIT BHUMIKA (FY ELECT) (10) KRISHNA BHATT (TY IT) (11) MARGI MEHTA (BE CE) (12) KRITIKA PATEL (BE Civil) This year SVIT Girls team participated in GTU Inter Zonal Girls Yoga Championship which was held at ADIT. SVIT Girls team reached to the finals and stood 2nd.Three players got selected for All India Inter University Yoga Championship. Following are the names of the players of Yoga girl’s team:- (1) DEVANSHI DESAI (T Y IT) (2) VAISHNAVI KANDOI (S.Y CE) (3) SURABHI CHAUDHARY (T.Y E&C) (4) MARGI TAYLOR (T.Y IT) (5) RIYA SHAH (S.Y IC) © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Student Scholarships 26 Acres of Land, Pollution Free Campus, AICTE Approved, Engineering College Scholarships aren't just for high school students. In fact, they're available to college students of all ages and throughout all years of continued education. The search for scholarships should continue even after you graduate high school, all the way up until your final year in college. These scholarships for college students can help you decrease your debt and increase your education fund. There are plenty of things you'll worry about as an undergrad, but paying for college shouldn't be one of them. Check out our scholarships for undergraduate college students and start adding up your savings now! © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Antiragging Cell at SVIT - Vasad 26 Acres of Land, Pollution Free Campus, AICTE Approved, Engineering College To check the menace of ragging, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology (SVIT), Vasad has constituted Anti-Ragging Squad in accordance with the guidelines of University Grants Commission (UGC). The main objectives of the Squad are as follows: To aware the students of dehumanizing effect of ragging inherent in its perversity; To keep a continuous watch and vigil over ragging so as to prevent its occurrence and recurrence; To promptly and stringently deal with the incidents of ragging brought to our notice; and To generate an atmosphere of discipline by sending a clear message that no act of ragging shall be tolerated and any act of ragging shall not go unnoticed and unpunished. Following are the members of the Anti-Ragging Squad: Anti-Ragging Squad Sr. No. Name of member Designation Mobile No. 1. Dr. Devesh P. Soni I/c. Principal, Engineering 9879399106 2. Mr. N. K. Patel Administrative Officer 9727135029 3. Dr. Dinesh Shah Architecture College 9925099821 4. Dr. Nehal Chitaliya E & C Dept. 9924873274 5. Prof. Ms. Shital Pujara Electrical Engg. Dept. 9825707091 6. Prof. Ms. Bijal Talati HOD, Comp. Engg. Dept. 9375331945 7. Mr. S. A. Patel Maintenance Officer 9879144847 8. Mr. Dipak S. Patel Office Superintendent 9978744332 All the members of the Anti-Ragging squad are requested to make surprise visits to Class rooms, Canteen, Library, departments and other such places where gathering of students take place. Any incidence of ragging must be immediately reported to the Squad Member immediately for further actions in the matter. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Women's Development Cell 26 Acres of Land, Pollution Free Campus, AICTE Approved, Engineering College WDC Members Designation Name Contact No. Email Chairperson Dr. Devesh P. Soni (I/c. Principal) (02692)-274766 Ext- 202 svit_vasadgen@rediffmail.com Convener Prof. Bijal J.Talati (02692)-274766 Ext-234 bijaltalati@yahoo.com Member Secretary Dr. Samta Shah (02692)-274766 Ext-239 samtashah.civil@svitvasad.ac.in Member Ms. Jagruti .J.Patel (02692)-274766 Ext-249 jag_svit@rediffmail.com Member Prof. A. h. Shingala (02692)-274766 Ext-216 amishashingala.mca@svitvasad.ac.in Member Prof. Priyanka Shah (02692)-274766 Ext-228 priyankashah.it@svitvasad.ac.in Member Prof. Nirali Rathod (02692)-274766 Ext-244 niralirathod.elect@svitvasad.ac.in Member Prof. Sejal shah (02692)-274766 Ext-249 sejalshah.mech@svitvasad.ac.in Member Prof. Niyati Shah (02692)-274766 Ext-256 niyati_svit@yahoo.com Member Prof. Krupa Narnelkar (02692)-274766 Ext-219 krupanarnelkar.ic@svitvasad.ac.in Member Prof. Pallavi Mahida (02692)-274766 Ext-265 pallavimahida6@gmail.com Member Prof. B. M. Pandya (02692)-274766 Ext-230 bhavinipandya.ash@svitvasad.ac.in Member Ms. R. D. Thakor (02692)-274766 Ext-212 ramathakor5@gmail.com Latest Activity: SVIT Vasad celebrated Women' s day on 8th March , 2018 , 2:30 p.m onwards in great way. There was an official announcement of installation of incinerators and sanitary napkin vending machine in the institute After that all members enjoyed the game of reciting the tongue twisters for maximum number of time. Management was kind enough to sponsor light refreshments to all ladies faculty and staff of college. Previous Activities: Women's day was celebrated in a great way at SVIT - Vasad on 8th March 2017. All female staff members gatherred at EDC (Entrepreneurship Development Cell) hall for light refreshments and to have some quality time. They played games like dumb shell arts. All members of WDS thank SVIT management for granting permission and fund for the same. Women Development Cell, S. V. I. T VASAD had organized an expert lecture by speaker, Dr. Sudha Ghatge, under the banner of WD Cell. The theme of expert talk will be “Nutritional tips as a vital part in Women Empowerment”. This was as a part of Women’s day celebration.Lecture was scheduled on 9/3/16, Wednesday 2:30 p.m onward in EDC Hall of Civil Department. All the departmental coordinators, female staff/faculty members and all girl students of S. V. I. T Vasad were invited to attend the lecture , and about 38 lady employees of svit and 36 girls student attended the lecture. Lecture was followed by about 20 minutes of question and answer session. Many nutrition related queries were answered by the speaker.It was indeed an informative session for WD Members. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Foreign Student Affairs 26 Acres of Land, Pollution Free Campus, AICTE Approved, Engineering College Foreign Operations Liaisoning Committee Members: The Chairman, BOM, SVIT -Chairman of the Committee Principal (Engineering) - Member Asso. Prof. E & C (Dr. K. R. Bhatt) - Mentor Asso. Prof. E & C (Dr. N.G. Chitaliya) - Co-Mentor & Member Secretary P.A. - Chairman (Mr. D.G. Thakar) - Member Office Supdt. (Mr. D.S. Patel) - Member Duties & Responsibilities: (i) Liaison with Foreign Ministry & GTU (ii) To look after foreign students locally (academic & accommodation etc.) (iii) To establish dialogs with foreign universities (iv) To establish relations with various foreign embassies. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us How to Reach Us? Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, B/h. S.T. Bus Depot, Vasad, Anand District, Gujarat 388306 Phone:+91-02692-274766, 274489 Email Address: svit_vasadgen@rediffmail.com © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Newsletter - Periodic Bulletin 26 Acres of Land, Pollution Free Campus, AICTE Approved, Engineering College Sr. No. Month of Issue Link 16 February 2017 Click here 15 October 2017 - (Special Edition) Click here 14 September 2017 - (Issue 11) Click here 13 December 2016 - (Issue 10) Click here 12 September 2016 - (Festival Edition) Click here 11 August 2016 - (Issue 9) Click here 10 July 2016 - (Issue 8) Click here 9 April 2016 - (Issue 7) Click here 8 March 2016 - (Issue 6) Click here 7 February 2016 - (Festival Edition) Click here 6 February 2016 - (Issue 5) Click here 5 January 2016 - (Issue 4) Click here 4 October 2015 - (Festival Edition) Click here 3 October 2015 - (Issue 3) Click here 2 September 2015 - (Issue 2) Click here 1 August 2015 - (Issue 1) Click here © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us AICTE MOUs for Student Internships AICTE in its 49th meeting of the Council held on 14th March, 2017 approved a package of measures to be implemented by all technical institutions approved by AICTE to improve the standards of technical education and to provide competent technical manpower for the nation. In order to improve the employability of the students by imparting required skills and making them industry ready, it has been decided by AICTE to introduce mandatory internship for students from the session 2017-18. To facilitate internships to the students, AICTE has been identifying organizations/Ministries both in India & abroad and signing MoUs. These will be communicated to you from time to time. AICTE has signed MoU with Internshala. Students can use Internshala platform for free internships. AICTE has also signed MoU with NETiit for internships in Taiwan. The MoUs can be viewed on the AICTE website www.aicte-india.org. Memorandum of understanding between AICTE and Internshala to facilitate internships for students enrolled in AICTE approved academic institutions. To know more, Click Here Memorandum of Understanding between AICTE and Clarivate Analytics to Drive Research Excellence in AICTE approved Academic Institutions. To know more, Click Here Memorandum of Understanding between All lndia Council for Technical Education[AICTE] and Engineering Council of India[ECI]. AICTE MoUs for Student Internships MoU between AICTE and ECI © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us News & Events 26 Acres of Land, Pollution Free Campus, AICTE Approved, Engineering College Three days workshop on “Embedded System Design And Interfaces” April 4-6, 2016 Organized by Electronics and Communication Department Click here to download workshop brochure. Dr. Dipali Thakkar of Department of Aeronautical Engineering has published a book titled “Smart Helicopter Rotors- Optimization and Piezoelectric Vibration Control” with Springer, ISBN 978-3-319-24766-3. 2 DAYS workshop on IOT with ARDUINO conducted by Computer Engineering Department, SVIT - Vasad The Book Lovers' Club organised review of the following books on 21 January 2016 From 2:45 pm onwards at IT Seminar Hall 1. "Adventures of Tom Sawyer authored by Mark Twain to be presented by Abhi Shah of TY Mech 2. "The murder of Roger Ackroyd " authored by Agatha Christae to be presented by Udit Buch of TY IC. For more details contact: Dr. Sejal P .Dalal, Associate Professor, Civil Engineering Department, SVIT - Vasad © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Aeronautical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Aeronautics. Only college in Gujarat. Departmental Links Aeronautical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Semester Subject code Subject I 2110014 Calculus 2110002 Communication Skills 2110005 Elements of Electrical Engineering 2110006 Elements of Mechanical Engineering 2110013 Engineering Graphics 2110007 Environmental Studies II 2110015 Vector Calculus & Linear Algebra 2110003 Computer Programming and Utilization 2110011 Physics 2110004 Elements of Civil Engineering 2110012 Workshop 2990001 Contributor Personality Development III 2130003 Mechanics of Solids 2130002 Advanced Engineering Mathematics 2130101 Fundamentals of Fluid Mechanics 2130105 Electrical Machines & Electronics 2130103 Analysis Of Mechanisms & Machine Elements 2130106 Aircraft Science and Manufacturing Processes 2130005 Design Engineering I A IV 2140003 Engineering Economics and Management 2140101 Aircraft Structures I 2140105 Numerical Methods 2140103 Aircraft Systems, Instruments and Maintenance 2140107 Computational fluid dynamics I 2140108 Solid and Surface Modelling 2140106 Basic Engineering Thermodynamics 2140002 Design Engineering- 1 B V 2150101 Flight Mechanics 2150102 Fundamentals of Turbo Machines 2150103 Aircraft Structures II 2150104 Computational Fluid Dynamics II 2150107 Aerodynamics I 2150001 Design Engineering- 2 A 2150002 Cyber Security VI 2160101 Aerodynamics II 2160102 Fundamentals of Jet Propulsion 2160109 Theory of Vibration 2160104 Basic Control Theory 2160106 Avionics 2160110 Aviation Meterology, Navigation and Communication 2160108 Airport Management 2160001 Design Engineering - II B VII 2170101 Aircraft Design I 2170102 Theory of Heat Transfer 2170107 Mechanics of Composite Materials 2170104 Rocket & Missile Technology 2170105 Advance Avionics 2170106 Boundary Layer Theory 2170001 Project – I VIII 2180101 Aircraft Design II 2180102 Helicopter Engineering 2180103 Space Dynamics 2180104 Aircraft Control and Navigation 2180105 High Speed Aerodynamics 2180106 Project – II © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Aeronautical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Aeronautics. Only college in Gujarat. Departmental Links Aeronautical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Semester - 1 Grades\Subject Communication Skills (2110002) Elements of Civil Engineering(2110004) Elements of Mechanical Engineering(2110006) Physics (2110011) Workshop(2110012) Calculus (2110014) AA(85-100) 1 1 0 3 8 2 AB(75-84) 15 8 7 8 22 9 BB(65-74) 22 15 8 18 22 14 BC(55-64) 17 23 16 11 8 12 CC(45-54) 3 11 20 18 0 14 CD(40-44) 0 0 2 0 0 2 DD(35-39) 0 0 0 0 0 0 FF(<35) 2 2 7 2 0 7 Total No. of Students Appeared 60 Total No. of Students Passed 48 Semester 2 Grades\Subject Computer Programming and Utilization Elements of Electrical Engineering Environmental Studies Engineering Graphics Vector Calculus & Linear Algebra Contributor Personality Development 2110003 2110005 2110007 2110013 2110015 2990001 AA 3 1 1 1 4 0 AB 9 6 6 12 10 19 BB 11 16 21 18 13 32 BC 18 17 18 16 18 9 CC 15 14 11 9 10 0 CD 1 3 1 2 4 0 DD 0 0 1 0 0 0 FF 3 3 1 2 1 0 Total No. of Students Appeared 60 Total No. of Students Passed 48 Semester 3 Grades\Subject Advanced Engineering Mathematics (2130002) Mechanics of Solids (2130003) Design Engineering - I A (2130005) Fundamentals of Fluid Mechanics Elements (2130101) Analysis Of Mechanisms & Machine Elements (2130103) Electrical Machines & Electronics Processes (2130105) Aircraft Science and Manufacturing Processes (2130106) AA 0 2 19 1 6 0 3 AB 5 4 22 5 16 7 17 BB 6 10 25 9 23 19 20 BC 17 12 4 22 16 18 21 CC 11 22 1 18 8 19 3 CD 0 9 0 11 1 2 4 DD 0 1 0 2 0 0 0 FF 36 15 4 7 5 10 7 Total No. of Students Appeared 75 Total No. of Students Passed 39 Semester 4 Grades\Subject Design Engineering - I B (2140002) Engineering Economics and Management (2140003) Aircraft Structures I (2140101) Aircraft Systems, Instruments and Maintenance (2140103) Numerical Methods (2140105) Basic Engineering Thermodynamics (2140106) Computational fluid dynamics I (2140107) Solid and Surface Modelling (2140108) AA 29 0 2 1 4 10 3 20 AB 37 5 14 11 10 7 8 24 BB 3 19 17 19 19 16 21 15 BC 3 21 26 13 18 14 17 7 CC 0 20 14 16 11 13 6 7 CD 0 6 0 2 4 9 5 0 DD 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 FF 1 2 0 11 7 3 13 0 Total No. of Students Appeared 73 Total No. of Students Passed 51 Semester 5 Grades\Subject 2150001 2150101 2150102 2150103 2150104 2150105 2151906 Management - II Flight Mechanics Fundamentals Of Turbo M/Cs Aircraft Structure - II Computational Fluid Dynamics-I Operation & Maintenance Of Aircraft Conventional Power Engineering AA 12 18 2 8 2 8 7 AB 20 14 9 15 6 16 17 BB 10 18 15 16 15 11 12 BC 12 5 11 10 17 15 11 CC 9 5 16 4 11 4 4 CD 1 0 4 0 0 1 0 DD 0 0 1 14 18 11 14 FF 5 9 11 14 18 11 14 Total No. of Students Appeared 69 Total No. of Students Passed 47 Semester 6 Grades\Subject 2160001 2160101 2160102 2160104 2160106 2160107 2160109 2160110 Design Engineering - II B Aerodynamics II Fundamentals of Jet Propulsion Basic Control Theory Avionics Airport and Operations Management/Aviation Management Theory of Vibration Aviation Meterology, Navigation and Communication AA 26 5 4 1 10 5 4 27 AB 25 9 9 6 14 21 11 23 BB 10 17 12 22 14 16 17 9 BC 4 11 13 12 18 16 9 9 CC 1 20 14 20 12 7 19 3 CD 0 2 11 5 1 2 6 0 DD 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 FF 3 8 9 5 3 4 6 1 Total No. of Students Appeared 72 Total No. of Students Passed 58 Semester 7 Grades\Subject Project - I (170001) Aircraft Design - I (170101) Theory Of Heat Transfer (170102) Mechanics of composite materials (170103) Rocket & Missile Configurations Design (170104) Advanced Avionics (170105) Viscous And Boundary Layer Theory (170106) AA 0 4 1 0 0 0 2 AB 0 13 7 5 3 0 7 BB 15 9 5 4 11 7 6 BC 21 13 11 14 16 4 10 CC 11 6 17 18 13 4 8 CD 0 0 2 9 4 1 0 DD 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 FF 4 6 8 1 4 1 1 Total No. of Students Appeared 51 Total No. of Students Passed 41 Semester 8 Grades\Subject Aircraft design-II -180101 Helicopter engg- 180102 Space Dynamics - 180103 Aircraft control & Navigation- 180104 High speed aerodynamics & experimental techniques - 180105 Project-II - 180106 AA 1 0 5 1 0 9 AB 7 2 12 5 3 21 BB 11 9 13 3 1 11 BC 14 10 10 3 9 6 CC 11 17 4 3 16 3 CD 1 5 4 0 3 0 DD 0 0 0 0 0 0 FF 6 8 3 4 0 1 Total No. of Students Appeared 51 Total No. of Students Passed 41 © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Aeronautical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Aeronautics. Only college in Gujarat. Departmental Links Aeronautical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Student Placements List of students placed in the Academic Year 2016 - 2017 Sr. No Name of the company Name of the students 1 Flydocs, Vadodara Mohit Patel 2 Flydocs, Vadodara Shainil Shah 3 Hitech, Ahmedabad Vinas Ukani 4 Hitech, Ahmedabad Viral Suthar 5 Parul Arogya Seva Mandal, Limda Ajaykumar Chaudhari 6 Parul Arogya Seva Mandal, Limda Dipesh Khunt 7 Parul Arogya Seva Mandal, Limda Jaimin Varia 8 Parul Arogya Seva Mandal, Limda Ravi Pansheriya 9 Rang Technology, Vadodara Prachit Prajapati 10 Rang Technology, Vadodara Sangeetha Balasubhrmanyam 11 Rang Technology, Vadodara Subenthira Patgunarajah List of students placed in the Academic Year 2015 - 2016 Sr. No. Enrolment Number Name of the student Company 1 120410101001 KHUNT DIPESH RAMESHBHAI Parul University 2 120410101003 VARIA JAIMINKUMAR KIRITKUMAR Parul University 3 120410101007 KABARIYA KAPIL HARESHBHAI Hi-Tech iSolutions 4 120410101009 MAKWANA KRUPABEN MAGANBHAI TCS, Gandhinagar 5 120410101010 SHARMA KAILASKUMAR INDRASEN Hi-Tech iSolutions 6 120410101013 ROOPRAI INDERPREET GURDIPSINGH Hi-Tech iSolutions 7 120410101018 LODHIYA VAIBHAVI VIJAYBHAI Hi-Tech iSolutions 8 120410101025 PANSHERIYA RAVI ARVINDBHAI Parul University 9 120410101035 CHAWDA VIMALKUMAR NARAYAN Hi-Tech iSolutions © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Aeronautical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Aeronautics. Only college in Gujarat. Departmental Links Aeronautical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Click the links to view the content General Announcements Ms. Inderpreet Rooprai, a student of final year Aeronautical engineering along with faculty members Prof. J.R. Vala, Prof. D.V.Shah and Prof. A.N. Patel has published the research paper on “Ice accretions and its aerodynamic effects on NLF-0414 airfoil using CFD” in national conference on DAOME-2016 organized by Department of Mechanical engineering, M.S University- Vadodara First Year List of Top 10 students in Workshop Second Year List of Top 10 Students in Attendance List of Top 10 Students in FTKT List of Top 10 Students in Internal Examination List of Top 10 Students in Mid Semester Examination List of Top 10 Students in Seminar List of Top 10 Students in Soft Skills List of Top 10 Students in Viva Third Year List of Top 10 Students in Attendance List of Top 10 Students in FTKT List of Top 10 Students in Mid Semester Examination List of Top 10 Students in Open Book Exam Fourth Year List of Top 10 Students in Attendance List of Top 10 Students in FTKT List of Top 10 Students in Mid Semester Examination List of Top 10 Students in Internal Project Viva © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Aeronautical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to aeronautical engineering. It is only college of its kind in Gujarat. Departmental Links Aeronautical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Faculty Members (Hover and Click on Faculty name to view respective details) Sr. No. Name of faculty member Date of joining Designation Qualification Specialization Teaching experience R&D Experience Industry Experience Email 1 PROF.NIYATI SHAH 1/1/2005 Assistant Professor M.E.(aero) JET PROP. AND GAS TURBINE PLANTS 10.6 0 1 niyati_svit@yahoo.com 2 PROF. CAPT. UMANG JANI 25/01/2010 Assistant Professor M.Tech. Commercial Pilot Aircraft Design 5.7 0 6 unj_9@yahoo.co.in 3 PROF.JIGNESH R VALA 11/7/2012 Assistant Professor Master of Engineering Aeronautical Engineering 3.6 0 0 jignesh.r.vala@gmail.com 4 PROF.ARPIT N. PATEL 5/8/2013 Assistant Professor M.Tech. Computational Fluid Dynamics 2.5 0 0 arpit_patel2989@yahoo.com 5 PROF.MANILAL R. MEKWAN 5/11/2003 Assistant Professor / OSD Diploma in Aircraft Instrumentation, D.TECH,DEE Aircraft Instrumentation, Operation & Maintenance 11.2 1 35 mrmekwan_svit@yahoo.com 6 PROF.DHRUVIN SHAH 1/2/2013 Assistant Professor M.Tech Computational Fluid Dynamics 3.1 0 0 dhruvin21@gmail.com 7 PROF.DIMPLE PARMAR 27/1/2015 Assistant Professor B.E. Aeronautical 1.1 0 0 dimpu102@gmail.com 8 Mehul K Rana 04/07/2016 Adhoc Assistant Professor M. Tech. Thermal Engineering 1.5 1 0 mehulrana.aero@svitvasad.ac.in 9 Anand P Darji 11/07/2016 Adhoc Assistant Professor M. Tech. Thermal Engineering 2 1 0 ananddarji.aero@svitvasad.ac.in 10 Nizama Vishal Kanubhai 14/08/2017 Adhoc Assistant Professor B.E. (Aeronautical Engineering), M.Tech. (Aircraft Design) Aerodynamics, Aircraft Design 0 0 0 vishalnizama94@yahoo.com © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Aeronautical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Aeronautics. Only college in Gujarat. Departmental Links Aeronautical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Year Semester Link 1 1 Click here to view/download Time-table 2 3 Click here to view/download Time-table 3 5 Click here to view/download Time-table 4 7 Click here to view/download Time-table © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Aeronautical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Aeronautics. Only college in Gujarat. Departmental Links Aeronautical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Mechanical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to mechanical engineering. Departmental Links Mechanical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Year/Semester Subject Code Complete Subject Name 1st / 1 2110002 COMMUNICATION SKILLS 2110003 COMPUTER PROGRAMMING AND UTILIZATION 2110005 ELEMENTS OF ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING 2110006 ELEMENTS OF MECHANICAL ENGINEERING 2110007 ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES 2110014 CALCULUS 1st / 2 2110011 PHYSICS 2110013 ENGINEERING GRAPHICS 2110015 LINEAR ALGEBRA AND VECTOR CALCULUS 2110016 BASIC ELECTRONICS 2110017 ELECTRICAL AND ELECTRONICS WORKSHOP 2990001 CONTRIBUTOR PERSONALITY DEVELOPMENT 2nd / 3 2131903 MANUFACTURING PROCESSES-1 2130003 MECHANICS OF SOLIDS 2131905 ENGG. THERMODYNAMICS 2131906 KINAMATICS OF MACHINES 2131904 MATERIAL SCI. & METALLURGY 2130005 DESIGN ENGINEERING - I A 2nd / 4 2140002 DESIGN ENGINEERING - I B 2140003 ENGINEERING ECONOMICS AND MANAGEMENT 2141901 MECHANICAL MEASUREMENT & METROLOGY 2141905 COMPLEX VARIABLES AND NUMERICAL METHODS 2141906 FLUID MECHANICS 2141907 MACHINE DESIGN & INDUSTRIAL DRAFTING 2141908 MANUFACTURING PROCESSES –II 3rd / 5 2150001 DESIGN ENGINEERING - II A 2151902 THEORY OF MACHINES 2151903 FLUID POWER ENGINEERING 2151907 DESIGN OF MACHINE ELEMENTS 2151908 CONTROL ENGINEERING 2151909 HEAT TRANSFER 2150003 DISASTER MANAGEMENT 3rd / 6 2161901 Dynamics of Machinery 2161902 Internal Combustion Engine 2161903 Computer Aided Design 2161907 Industrial Engineering 2161908 Refrigeration and Air conditioning 2161909 Production Technology 4th / 7 2171901 Operations Research 2171903 Computer Aided Manufacturing 2171909 Machine Design 2171910 Power Plant Engineering 2171911 Advance Heat Transfer 2171912 Oil Hydraulics and Pneumatics 4th / 8 181903 PRODUCTION TECHNOLOGY 181902 MACHINE DESIGN-2 181901 REFRIGERATION & AC 181904 THERMAL ENGG. 181905 INDUSTRIAL SAFETY & MAIN. (DE2) M.E. - CAD/CAM Year/Semester Subject Code Complete Subject Name 1st / 1 2710001 RESEARCH SKILLS 2710002 COMPUTATIONAL METHOD FOR MECHANICAL ENGINEERING 2710801 ADVANCED MACHINE DESIGN 2710802 COMPUTER AIDED DESIGN 2710807 ADVANCED MATERIALS PROCESSING TECHNIQUES 1st / 2 2720801 FINITE ELEMENT METHODS 2720802 COMPUTER AIDED MANUFACTURING 2720813 COMPUTER AIDED PROCESS PLANNING 2720819 ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE 2nd / 3 2730808 ROBOTICS ENGINEERING 2nd / 4 2740801 RAPID PROTOTYPING AND TOOLING © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Mechanical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to mechanical engineering. Departmental Links Mechanical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Result Semester - 1 (2016 - 2017) Grades\Subject Communication Skills Computer Programming and Utilization Elements of Mechanical Engineering Environmental Studies Workshop Calculus 2110002 2110003 2110006 2110007 2110012 2110014 AA 3 3 0 4 61 13 AB 31 12 11 19 45 25 BB 45 38 39 23 15 41 BC 32 35 43 42 2 27 CC 11 27 27 25 0 16 CD 1 3 0 7 0 0 DD 0 0 0 3 0 0 FF 0 5 3 0 0 1 Total No. of Students Appeared 123 Total No. of Students Passed 115 Semester - 2 Result Awaited Total No. of Students Appeared Total No. of Students Passed Semester - 3 (2016 - 2017) Grades\Subject Advanced Engineering Mathematics Mechanics of Solids Design Engineering - I A Manufacturing Process-1 Material Science and Metallurgy Engineering Thermodynamics Kinematics of Machines 2130002 2130003 2130005 2131903 2131904 2131905 2131906 AA 9 0 16 1 0 0 0 AB 15 4 54 21 8 1 2 BB 26 28 68 30 40 10 17 BC 38 39 11 37 54 36 37 CC 30 46 1 40 33 67 62 CD 3 8 0 8 0 3 14 DD 0 1 0 1 0 0 1 FF 30 25 1 13 16 34 18 Total No. of Students Appeared 151 Total No. of Students Passed 96 Semester - 4 (2016 - 2017) Grades\Subject Design Engineering - I B Engineering Economics and Management Mechanical Measurement & Metrology Complex Variables and Numerical Methods Fluid Mechanics Machine Design & Industrial Drafting Manufacturing Processes -II 2140002 2140003 2141901 2141905 2141906 2141907 2141908 AA 9 5 2 7 1 3 1 AB 65 14 30 23 10 21 16 BB 75 38 42 25 33 35 22 BC 1 45 39 30 42 34 37 CC 0 26 23 27 45 29 43 CD 0 14 6 11 4 5 12 DD 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 FF 2 9 9 29 17 24 21 Total No. of Students Appeared 152 Total No. of Students Passed 109 Semester - 5 (2016 - 2017) Grades\Subject Design Engineering - II A Institute Elective - Diaster Management Theory of Machines Fluid Power Engineering Design of Machine Elements Control Engineering Heat Transfer 2150001 2150003 2151902 2151903 2151907 2151908 2151909 AA 35 1 0 2 3 1 6 AB 51 19 4 22 21 11 14 BB 53 33 42 55 41 44 32 BC 13 44 57 45 42 51 37 CC 0 37 27 18 28 29 30 CD 0 11 9 5 6 9 14 DD 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 FF 1 8 14 6 11 8 20 Total No. of Students Appeared 153 Total No. of Students Passed 124 Semester - 6 (2016 - 2017) Grades\Subject Design Engineering 2-B Dynamics of Machinery Internal Combustion Engine Computer Aided Design Industrial Engineering Refrigeration and Air Conditioning Production Technology 2160001 2161901 2161902 2161903 2161907 2161908 2161909 AA 23 1 0 0 0 0 4 AB 85 7 21 9 19 3 18 BB 46 29 57 37 45 30 54 BC 0 53 48 48 51 67 51 CC 0 44 22 48 28 38 21 CD 0 6 2 5 0 2 3 DD 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 FF 0 14 4 7 11 14 3 Total No. of Students Appeared 154 Total No. of Students Passed 130 Semester - 7 (2016 - 2017) Grades\Subject Project - I Operation Research Computer Aided Manufacturing Machine Design Power Plant Engineering Advance Heat Transfer Oil Hydraulics & Pneumatics 2170001 2171901 2171903 2171909 2171910 2171911 2171912 AA 45 1 4 0 1 0 1 AB 61 19 10 9 9 8 20 BB 28 41 51 20 36 8 50 BC 16 59 57 50 68 9 31 CC 0 26 23 41 28 9 9 CD 0 0 1 4 1 2 0 DD 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 FF 0 4 4 26 3 3 0 Total No. of Students Appeared 150 Total No. of Students Passed 118 Semester - 8 (2016 - 2017) Grades\Subject Project – II Renewable Energy Engineering Automobile Engineering(Department Elective II) Product Design and Value Engineering(Department Elective II) Energy Conservation and Management(Department Elective II) Quality Engineering(Department Elective III) 2181909 2181910 2181915 2181913 2181916 2181920 AA 65 1 1 1 1 2 AB 72 1 14 7 7 17 BB 13 10 40 22 3 80 BC 0 39 14 21 3 41 CC 0 62 2 10 2 9 CD 0 24 0 0 0 1 DD 0 7 0 0 0 0 FF 0 4 1 1 0 0 Total No. of Students Appeared 150 Total No. of Students Passed 144 © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Mechanical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to mechanical engineering. Departmental Links Mechanical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Student Placement (2017 - 2018) Sr. No. Name of the Company Name of the Students 1 Aarti Industries, Vapi Abhi Shah 2 Aarti Industries, Vapi Jigar Shah 3 Collabera, Vadodara Akshar Vakil 4 Elmex Control, Vadodara Siddhish Pawar 5 Kuster Calico, Vadodara Abhishelk Mujmudar 6 Kuster Calico, Vadodara Maulin Shah 7 Kuster Calico, Vadodara Mehul Chauhan 8 Kuster Calico, Vadodara Pratik Jain 9 Kuster Calico, Vadodara Sagar Pancholi 10 L M Wind Power, Halol Abhi Vyas 11 Linde, Vadodara Dhruv Panchal 12 Linde, Vadodara Vinitkumar A Patel 13 mbh Pumps, Ahmedabad Choudhari Mitesh 14 mbh Pumps, Ahmedabad Harsh Shah 15 mbh Pumps, Ahmedabad Malak Bhanushali 16 Samnar, Bangalore Abhishek Pawar 17 Samnar, Bangalore Akash Bhatia 18 TCS, Gandhinagar Alpeshkumar Parmar 19 TCS, Gandhinagar Ruchit Trivedi 20 Vadodara Windows Jayrajsinh Rana 21 Vadodara Windows Kaushal Jani 22 Vadodara Windows Vinit Shah 23 Vadodara Windows Yash Mevasi © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Mechanical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to mechanical engineering. Departmental Links Mechanical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Click the links to view the content General Ms. JAGRUTI T JADAV has Scored 10/10 SPI and 8.98 CPI in M.E Second Year examination and secured 7th Rank in GTU Top 10 of the 3rd semester GTU winter examination 2015 Mr. Nisarg J Shah has Scored 9.65 CPI in B.E Third Year examination and secured 4th Rank in GTU Top 10 of the 5th semester GTU Winter examination 2015. He has also secured in GTU Top 10(Mechanical Engg.) and Institute Top 10 respectively. First Year List of Top 10 students in Workshop Skills (Division 2) List of Top 10 students in Workshop Skills (Division 1) Second Year List of Top 10 students in Attendance (Division 1) List of Top 10 students in Attendance (Division 2) List of Top 10 students in FTKT (Division 1) List of Top 10 students in FTKT (Division 2) List of Top 10 students in GD & PI (Division 1) List of Top 10 students in GD & PI (Division 2) List of Top 10 students in Academic Industrial Report (Division 1) List of Top 10 students in Academic Industrial Report (Division 2) List of Top 10 students in Seminar (Division 1) List of Top 10 students in Seminar (Division 2) List of Top 10 students in Viva exam (Division 1) List of Top 10 students in Viva exam (Division 2) List of Top 10 students in Internal Exam (Division 1) List of Top 10 students in Internal Exam (Division 2) Third Year List of Top 10 students in Attendance (Division - 1) List of Top 10 students in Attendance (Division - 2) List of Top 10 students in FTKT (Division - 1) List of Top 10 students in FTKT (Division - 2) List of Top 10 students in GD-PI (Division - 1) List of Top 10 students in GD-PI (Division - 2) List of Top 10 students in Internal Exam (Division - 1) List of Top 10 students in Internal Exam (Division - 2) List of Top 10 students in Seminar (Division - 1) List of Top 10 students in Seminar (Division - 2) Fourth Year List of Top 10 students in Attendance (Division 1) List of Top 10 students in Attendance (Division 2) List of Top 10 students in FTKT (Division 1) List of Top 10 students in FTKT (Division 2) List of Top 10 students in Group Discussion (Division 1) List of Top 10 students in Group Discussion (Division 2) List of Top 10 students in Mid Semester Examination (Division 1) List of Top 10 students in Mid Semester Examination (Division 2) © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Mechanical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to mechanical engineering. Departmental Links Mechanical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Sr. No. Name of faculty member Date of joining Designation Qualification Specialization Teaching experience R&D Experience Industry Experience Email 1 Dr. P V Ramana 01.09.1997 Dean (R & D) Ph.D Thermal Science 18 7 3.5 pvramana.mech@svitvasad.ac.in; hod.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 2 Dr. P B Tailor 31.08.1999 I/c. HOD & Associate Prof. Ph. D Manufacturing Science 17 1 3.5 piyushkumartailor.mech@ svitvasad.ac.in 3 Prof. S P Patel 10.08.2000 Asst. Prof. Pursuing Ph.D. Thermal Science 15.5 0 1 shitalkumarpatel.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 4 Prof. A J Shah 01.10.2001 Asst. Prof. BE Mech Manufacturing 14 - 23 ajitchandrashah.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 5 Prof. S K Shah 01.09.1997 Asst. Prof. M E Mech Jet Propulsion & Gas Turbine 18.1 1 - sejalshah.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 6 Prof. D S Shah 13.11.2000 Asst. Prof. Pursuing Ph.D. Machine Design 15 1 1 dipenshah.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 7 Prof. P H Shah 01.10.1999 Asst. Prof. Pursuing Ph.D. CAD/CAM 15 1 1.5 praticshah.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 8 Prof. J M Mistry 26.12.2000 Asst. Prof. Pursuing Ph.D. CAD/CAM 15 1 2 jitendramistry.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 9 Prof. N R Patel 02.07.2007 Asst. Prof. M E Mech Cryogenic 10 1 - nitapatel.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 10 Prof. H R Chauhan 18.08.2007 Asst. Prof. M E Mech Machine Design 11 1 1.2 hetalchauhan.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 11 Prof. H R Dodiya 30.06.2011 Asst. Prof. M.Tech Mech CAD/CAM 05 1 - hardikdodiya.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 12 Prof. D R Joshi 01.07.2011 Asst. Prof. M E Mech Machine Design 07 1 - dhavaljoshi.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 13 Prof. C H Solanki 11.07.2011 Asst. Prof. ME Mech Thermal Science 14 1 0.4 chetansolanki.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 14 Prof. T J Gotikar 11.07.2011 Asst. Prof. M.S Mech Design Engg 6.3 1 0.6 tejasghotikar.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 15 Dr. D D Patel 01.08.2011 Asst. Prof. Ph.D. CAD/CAM 05 1 1.6 divyangpatel.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 16 Prof. R R Saxena 06.08.2011 Asst. Prof. M.Tech Mech Turbo machines 05 1 - rishisaxena.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 17 Prof. S A Ban 11.08.2011 Asst. Prof. Pursuing Ph.D. CAD/CAM 08 1 _ saurabhban.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 18 Prof. V P Parekh 26.12.2011 Asst. Prof. M.Tech Mech Industrial Process Equipment Design 04 1 - viralkumarparekh.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 19 Prof. V S Bali 16.01.2012 Asst. Prof. M.Tech Production Engineering Production Engineering 10 1 13 vishwanathbali.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 20 Prof. C O Yadav 23.01.2012 Asst. Prof. M.E Mech Thermal Engineering 05 1 1 chetanyadav.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 21 Dr. Sekar S. 02.02.2012 Asst. Prof. Ph.D. Surface Engineering and Materials 9 1 6 sekarsaladi.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 22 Prof. D A Patel 02.07.2012 Asst. Prof. M.Tech.Mech CAD/CAM 04 1 0.6 devangpatel.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 23 Prof. A H Modi 01.08.2012 Asst. Prof. M.E.Mech CAD/CAM 04 1 0.7 arpitmodi.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 24 Prof. A M Solanki 01.08.2012 Asst. Prof. M.E.Mech CAD/CAM 04 1 - ajaysolanki.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 25 Prof. S G Acharya 01.09.2012 Asst. Prof. Pursuing Ph.D. CAD/CAM 4.4 1 - shaileeacharya.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 26 Prof. A A Patel 01.02.2013 Asst. Prof. M.Tech Mech Thermal System & Design 03 1 - ashishpatel.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 27 Prof. K H Niralgikar 08.08.2013 Asst. Prof. Pursuing Ph.D. Production 13 2 3 kirtiniralgikar.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 28 Prof. P S Parmar 04.03.2015 Asst. Prof. M.E.Mech Thermal 04 1 - pratikparmar.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 29 Prof. P R Patel 23.03.2015 Asst. Prof. M.E Mech CAD/CAM 04 1 - priyalpatel.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 30 Prof. Sagar S Jani 27.06.2017 Asst. Prof. (Contractual) M.E. Mech Machine Design 0 0 0 sagar.jani99@yahoo.com 31 Prof. Jigar Mistry 27.06.2017 Asst. Prof. (Contractual) M.E. Mech Machine Design 0 0 0 imjigarmistry26@gmail.com 32 Prof. Jagruti T. Jadav 01.08.2017 Asst. Prof. (Contractual) M.E. Mech CAD/CAM 1 0 0 jagrutijadav.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 33 Prof. Nishant A. Rajput 01.08.2017 Asst. Prof. (Contractual) M.E. Mech Thermal Engineering 1 0 1 nishantrajput.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 34 Prof. Raghurajsinh B. Parmar 01.08.2017 Asst. Prof. (Contractual) M.E. Mech Thermal Engineering 1 0 0 raghurajsinhparmar.mech@svitvasad.ac.in 35 Prof. Darshan A. Patel 01.08.2017 Asst. Prof. (Contractual) M.E. Mech CAD/CAM 2 0 0 darsh3199@yahoo.com 36 Prof. Roma S. Patel 01.08.2017 Asst. Prof. (Contractual) M. Tech. Advanced Manufacturing Technology 0.8 0 0 romapatel.mech@svitvasad.ac.in © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Mechanical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to mechanical engineering. Departmental Links Mechanical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Time Table - B.E. Mechanical Engineering Year Semester Division Link 1 1 Division - 1 Click here to view/download Time-table Division - 2 Click here to view/download Time-table 2 3 Division - 1 Click here to view/download Time-table Division - 2 Click here to view/download Time-table 3 5 Division - 1 Click here to view/download Time-table Division - 2 Click here to view/download Time-table 4 7 Division - 1 Click here to view/download Time-table Division - 2 Click here to view/download Time-table Time Table - M.E. CAD/CAM Year Semester Link 1 1 Click here to view/download Time-table 2 3 Click here to view/download Time-table © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Mechanical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to mechanical engineering. Departmental Links Mechanical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Electrical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Electrical engineering. Departmental Links Electrical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Year/Semester Subject Code Subject Name Name of .pdf Semester 1 2110014 Calculus 2110014.pdf 2110002 Communication Skills 2110002.pdf 2110005 Elements of Electrical Engineering 2110005.pdf 2110007 Environmental Studies 2110007.pdf 2110003 Computer Programming and Utilization 2110003.pdf 2110006 Elements of Mechanical Engineering 2110006.pdf Semester 2 2110015 Vector Calculus & Linear Algebra 2110015.pdf 2110013 Engineering Graphics 2110013.pdf 2110011 Physics 2110011.pdf 2110016 Basic Electronics 2110016.pdf 2110017 Electrical and Electronics Workshop 2110017.pdf 2990001 Contributor Personality Development 2990001.pdf Semester 3 2130002 Advance Engineering Mathematics 2130002.pdf 2130004 Engineering Economics and Management 2130004.pdf 2130901 Circuits and Networks 2130901.pdf 2130902 Analog Electronics 2130902.pdf 2130903 Electrical Measurement and Measuring Instruments 2130903.pdf 2130904 DC Machines and Transformer 2130904.pdf 2130005 Design Engineering - I A 2130005.pdf Semester 4 2140910 Digital Electronics 2140910.pdf 2140906 AC Machines 2140906.pdf 2140907 Applied Thermal and Hydraulic Engineering 2140907.pdf 2140908 Electrical Power Generation 2140908.pdf 2140909 Field Theory 2140909.pdf 2141005 Signals and Systems 2141005.pdf 2140002 Design Engineering - I B 2140002.pdf Semester 5 2150903 Power Electronics – I 2150903.pdf 2150907 Microprocessor and Microcontroller Architecture & Interfacing 2150907.pdf 2150908 Electrical Power System – I 2150908.pdf 2150909 Control System Engineering 2150909.pdf 2150904 Elements of Electrical Design 2150904.pdf 2150001 Design Engineering - II A 2150001.pdf 2150002 Institute Elective - Cyber Security 2150002.pdf Semester 6 2160902 Power Electronics – II 2160902.pdf 2160912 Design of DC Machines and Transformer 2160912.pdf 2160904 High Voltage Engineering 2160904.pdf 2160907 Utilization of Electrical Energy and Traction 2160907.pdf 2160908 Electrical Power system – II 2160908.pdf Departmental Elective - I 2160909 Advance Microcontrollers 2160909.pdf 2160913 Control of Electrical Drives 2160913.pdf 2160911 Computer Aided Analysis and Design for Electrical Engg. 2160911.pdf 2160001 Design Engineering - II B Semester 7 2170004 Project - I 2170004.pdf 2170901 Inter Connected Power System 2170901.pdf 2170908 Switch Gear and Protection 2170908.pdf 2170909 Design of AC Machines 2170909.pdf Departmental Elective - II 2170906 Advanced Power Electronics 2170906.pdf 2170913 Industrial Instrumentation 2170913.pdf 2170914 Digital Signal Processing 2170914.pdf Semester 8 2180903 Power System Planning and Design 2180903.pdf 2180905 Project 2180905.pdf 2180901 Testing and Commissioning of Electrical Equipments 2180901.pdf 2180909 Power System Operation and Control 2180909.pdf Departmental Elective - III 2180910 Energy Conservation, and Audit 2180910.pdf 2180911 Power Quality and Management 2180911.pdf 2180912 Condition Monitoring 2180912.pdf 2180913 Advanced Control Systems 2180913.pdf © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Electrical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Electrical engineering. Departmental Links Electrical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Semester - 1 Grades\Subject CS CPU EEE ES Calculus EEW AA 3 4 4 2 3 49 AB 10 21 14 20 13 60 BB 45 39 30 27 29 12 BC 44 28 32 31 35 1 CC 19 19 27 25 18 0 CD 0 7 5 9 5 0 DD 0 0 0 5 0 0 FF 1 4 10 3 19 0 Total No. of Students Appeared 122 Total No. of Students Passed 98 Semester - 2 Semester - 3 Grades\Subject AEM EE&M DE-IA C&N AE EEMI DCMT AA 7 0 25 1 0 2 0 AB 19 4 85 12 6 9 2 BB 24 16 27 30 23 18 12 BC 24 32 8 37 34 59 38 CC 36 44 0 43 53 38 46 CD 5 22 0 2 15 4 21 DD 0 22 0 0 2 0 0 FF 32 7 2 22 14 17 28 Total No. of Students Appeared 147 Total No. of Students Passed 99 Semester - 4 Semester - 5 Grades\Subject DE-2A CS PE-I EED M&MI EPS-I CSE AA 21 61 0 5 0 2 7 AB 94 58 3 15 5 2 23 BB 23 13 16 33 32 25 23 BC 1 5 52 44 44 48 44 CC 0 2 35 29 38 34 23 CD 0 0 17 2 9 13 8 DD 0 0 0 0 0 5 2 FF 0 0 16 11 11 10 9 Total No. of Students Appeared 139 Total No. of Students Passed 112 Semester - 6 Semester - 7 Grades\Subject Project-I I.P.S. SGP DACM Elective-I I.I. APE AA (85-100) 35 4 2 5 2 0 AB (75 - 84) 50 17 12 28 28 9 BB (65 - 74) 37 39 41 45 53 10 BC (55 - 64) 11 49 45 43 23 4 CC (45 - 54) 0 20 23 10 4 0 CD (40 - 44) 0 3 1 2 0 0 DD (35 - 39) 0 0 0 0 0 0 FF (Failed) 0 1 9 0 0 0 Total No. of Students Appeared 133 Total No. of Students Passed 124 Semester - 8 Grades\Subject C.E.E. E.P.U. P.S.P.D. EMD-II Project APS-II APE-II AA 3 1 1 2 5 2 1 AB 22 20 3 17 34 10 5 BB 35 32 25 31 34 22 7 BC 10 18 27 19 0 23 0 CC 4 2 14 3 2 1 1 CD 0 0 3 2 0 0 0 DD 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 FF 1 2 2 1 0 3 0 Total No. of Students Appeared 75 Total No. of Students Passed 71 © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Electrical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Electrical engineering. Departmental Links Electrical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Students Placements (2016 - 2017) Sr. No. Name of the Company Name of the Students 1 Linde, Vadodara Akshta Kiranchandra Saalkar 2 Aarti Industries, Vapi Chirag Agrawal 3 Coca Cola, Goblej Kunj Shah 4 Coca Cola, Goblej Parth Gupta 5 Collabera, Vadodara Mangali Sufaija Hamza 6 Elmex Control, Vadodara Jui Vinashkumar Gajjar 7 Elmex Control, Vadodara Kriti Lolaksha Devadiga 8 Elmex Control, Vadodara Ruchit Paresh Shah 9 Elmex Control, Vadodara Vrah Sheth 10 ERDA, Vadodara Umesh Parik 11 IntegrationPoint, Vadodara Hardik Tejani 12 IntegrationPoint, Vadodara Karthik Menon 13 L M Wind Power, Halol Sonali Sharma 14 Rang Technology, Vadodara Kajal Sewani 15 Rang Technology, Vadodara Kaustabh Sinha 16 TCS, Gandhinagar Lavika Devpura 17 TCS, Gandhinagar Yagneshwar Iyer © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Electrical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Electrical engineering. Departmental Links Electrical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Click the links to view the content General Notice Board GTU Rankers List Report on Sarjan 2016 First Year List of Top 10 students in Workshop Second Year - Division A List of Top 10 students in Attendance List of Top 10 students in FTKT List of Top 10 students in MIDSEM List of Top 10 students in Overall Performance List of Top 10 students in Quiz List of Top 10 students in Seminar List of Top 10 students in Termwork List of Top 10 students in Viva Second Year - Division B List of Top 10 students in Attendance List of Top 10 students in FTKT List of Top 10 students in MIDSEM List of Top 10 students in Overall Performance List of Top 10 students in Quiz List of Top 10 students in Seminar List of Top 10 students in Termwork List of Top 10 students in Viva Third Year - Division A List of Top 10 students in FTKT List of Top 10 students in Industrial Visit Report List of Top 10 students in MIDSEM List of Top 10 students in Overall Performance List of Top 10 students in Quiz List of Top 10 students in Seminar List of Top 10 students in Termwork List of Top 10 students in Viva Third Year - Division B List of Top 10 students in FTKT List of Top 10 students in Industrial Visit Report List of Top 10 students in MIDSEM List of Top 10 students in Overall Performance List of Top 10 students in Quiz List of Top 10 students in Seminar List of Top 10 students in Termwork List of Top 10 students in Viva Fourth Year - Division A List of Top 10 students in FTKT List of Top 10 students in Industrial Visit Report List of Top 10 students in MIDSEM List of Top 10 students in Overall Performance List of Top 10 students in Quiz List of Top 10 students in Termwork Fourth Year - Division B List of Top 10 students in FTKT List of Top 10 students in Industrial Visit Report List of Top 10 students in MIDSEM List of Top 10 students in Overall Performance List of Top 10 students in Quiz List of Top 10 students in Termwork © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Electrical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Electrical Engineering Departmental Links Electrical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Sr. No. Name Date of Joining Designation Qualification Specialization Teaching Experience Research Experience Industry Experience E-mail 1 Dr.Chetan D.Kotwal 02/08/99 Professor Ph.D. Power Electronics Application to Power System (FACTS) 18 8.6 chetankotwal.elect@svitvasad.ac.in 2 Dr.Pimal R.Gandhi 16/1/2001 Associate Professor Ph.D. Control System Application to Power System 16 1 pimalgandhi.elect@svitvasad.ac.in 3 Mrs.Shital M.Pujara 01/09/97 Assistant Professor Ph.D. Cont. Power System 22 0 shitalpujara.elect@svitvasad.ac.in 4 Mr.Nilesh K.Jaiswal 01/08/98 Assistant Professor Ph.D. Cont. Power Electronics Application to Power System 20 2.1 nileshjaiswal.elect@svitvasad.ac.in 5 Mrs.Nirali A.Rathod 10/09/01 Assistant Professor Ph.D. Cont. Automatic Control & Robotics 15 0 niralirathod.elect@svitvasad.ac.in 6 Mr.Sanjay N.Patel 24/2/2003 Assistant Professor M.E. Power System 14 4.5 sanjaypatel.elect@svitvasad.ac.in 7 Mr.Nilay N.Shah 01/01/04 Assistant Professor Ph.D. Cont. Power System 15 0.6 nilayshah.elect@svitvasad.ac.in 8 Ms.Megha A.Trivedi 24/1/2007 Assistant Professor M.E. Power System 10 0.2 meghatrivedi.elect@svitvasad.ac.in 9 Mr.Rakesh C.Gajjar 16/1/2007 Assistant Professor M.E. Microprocessor System Application 10 4 rakeshgajjar.elect@svitvasad.ac.in 10 Ms.Parita D.Giri 24/1/2007 Assistant Professor Ph.D. Cont. Automatic Control & Robotics 10 0 paritagiri.elect@svitvasad.ac.in 11 Mr.Mulav P.Rathod 01/08/08 Assistant Professor M.E. Industrial Electronics 9 0 mulavrathod.elect@svitvasad.ac.in 12 Mrs.Kriti K.Arora 02/08/14 Assistant Professor M.E. Industrial Electronics 4 0 kritiarora.elect@svitvasad.ac.in 14 Mrs.Neha S.Shah 25/9/2014 Assistant Professor Ph.D. Cont. Industrial Electronics 14 0 nehashah.elect@svitvasad.ac.in 15 Mr.Darshit T. Brahmbhatt 03/09/15 Assistant Professor M.E. Electrical Power System 5 0 darshitbrahmbhatt.elect@svitvasad.ac.in 16 Mr.Nirav A.Chauhan 03/05/15 Assistant Professor M.Tech. Electrical Power System 5 0 niravchauhan.elect@svitvasad.ac.in 17 Mr.Chinmay Y.Jani 23/3/2015 Assistant Professor M.Tech. Electrical Power System 4 0.6 chinmayjani.elect@svitvasad.ac.in 18 Mr.Tejas I.Patel 20/6/2015 Assistant Professor (Adhoc) M.E. Power System 4 0 tejaspatel.elect@svitvasad.ac.in 19 Ms.Jalpa S. Rathod 20/6/2015 Assistant Professor (Adhoc) M.E. Power System 1 0 jalparathod.elect@svitvasad.ac.in 20 Mrs.Gopi A.Damle 16/01/2017 Assistant Professor (Adhoc) M.E. Automatic Control & Robitics 2 0 gopidamle.elect@svitvasad.ac.in 21 Mr.Kiran K. Limbani 16/01/2017 Assistant Professor (Adhoc) M.E. Electrical Power System 2 0 kiranlimbani.elect@svitvasad.ac.in 22 Mr.Parth B.Patel 16/01/2017 Assistant Professor (Adhoc) M.E. Electrical Power System 4 0 parthpatel.elect@svitvasad.ac.in 23 Mr.Anand C Patel 16/01/2017 Assistant Professor (Adhoc) M.E. Electrical Power System 0 0 anandpatel.elect@svitvasad.ac.in 24 Prof. Jainesh M Patel 27/06/2017 Assistant Professor M.Tech. Electrical Engineering 4 0 0 jainesh1728@gmail.com © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Electrical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Electrical engineering. Departmental Links Electrical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Time Table - B.E. Electrical Engineering Year Semester Class Link FY 2 Class 1 Click here to view/download timetable SY 4 Class 1 Click here to view/download timetable TY 6 Class 1 Click here to view/download timetable LY 8 Class 1 Click here to view/download timetable Time Table - M.E. Electrical Engineering Year Semester Link 1 2 Click here to view/download timetable 2 4 Click here to view/download timetable © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Electrical Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Electrical engineering. Departmental Links Electrical Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Civil Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to civil engineering. Departmental Links Civil Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Syllabus (Click here to download syllabus of entire course) Semester Subject code Subject I 2110002 Communication Skills 2110003 Computer Programming and Utilization 2110004 Elements of Civil Engineering 2110011 Physics 2110013 Engineering Graphics 2110014 Calculus II 2110004 Elements of Civil Engineering 2110005 Elements of Electrical Engineering 2110006 Elements of Mechanical Engineering 2110012 Workshop 2110015 Vector Calculus & Linear Algebra 2990001 Contributor Personality Development III 2130002 Advanced Engineering Mathematics 2130601 Surveying 2130602 Fluid Mechanics 2130003 Mechanics of Solids 2130606 Geotechnics & Applied Geology 2130607 Building Construction 2130005 Design Engineering - I A IV 2140003 Engineering Economics and Management 2140601 Advanced Surveying 2140603 Structural Analysis-I 2140606 Numerical and Statistical Methods for Civil Engineering 2140607 Building & Town Planning 2140608 Concrete Technology 2140002 Design Engineering - I B V 2150003 Institute Elective (Disaster Mgmt.) 2150601 Highway Engineering 2150602 Hydrology & Water Resources Engineering 2150603 Environmental Engineering 2150608 Structural Analysis-II 2150609 Soil Mechanics 2150001 Design Engineering - II A VI 2160601 Advance Construction & Equipments 2160602 Advanced Fluid Mechanics 2160603 Railway, Bridge & Tunnel Engineering 2160604 Water & Waste Water Engineering 2160607 Elementary Structural Design 2160001 Design Engineering - II B (Departmental Elective - I) © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Civil Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to civil engineering Departmental Links Civil Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner First Semester Grades\Subject Communication Skills(2110002) Elements of Civil Engineering(2110004) Elements of Mechanical Engineering(2110006) Physics(2110011) Workshop(2110012) Calculus(2110014) AA Nil Nil Nil 3 19 2 AB 10 2 3 10 29 17 BB 18 11 8 19 16 15 BC 22 22 19 18 5 17 CC 16 25 31 11 Nil 9 CD Nil Nil 1 Nil Nil Nil DD Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil FF 3 9 7 8 Nil 9 Total No. of Students Appeared 55 Total No. of Students Passed 14 Second Semester Grade Computer Programming and Utilization Elements of Electrical Engineering Environmental Studies Engineering Graphics Vector Calculus & Linear Algebra Contributor Personality Development 2110003 2110005 2110007 2110013 2110015 2990001 AA 1 0 1 0 2 2 AB 4 1 4 1 10 17 BB 4 11 16 11 19 29 BC 28 17 15 21 16 15 CC 12 24 14 24 10 3 CD 0 1 8 1 1 1 DD 0 1 5 1 1 0 FF 19 13 5 9 9 1 Total No. of Students Appeared 68 Total No. of Students Passed 43 Semester 3 Grades\ Subject Advaned Engg Mathematics 2130002 Mechanics of Solids 2130003 Design Engg I-A 2130005 Surveying 2130601 Fluid Mechanics 2130602 Geotech & Applied Geology 2130606 Building Construction 2130607 AA 2 2 7 3 1 0 1 AB 11 2 35 15 10 1 7 BB 11 17 25 14 17 11 11 BC 13 18 5 19 20 9 22 CC 16 13 7 21 15 25 19 CD 1 0 0 3 6 16 5 DD 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 FF 25 27 0 4 10 16 14 Total No. of Students Appeared 79 Total No. of Students Passed 61 Semester 4 Grades\Subject 2140002 2140003 2140601 2140603 2140606 2140607 2140608 Design Engineering-IB Engg Economics and management Advanced Surveying Structural Analysis-I Numerical and statistical method Building and town planning concrete technology AA 12 0 2 0 4 0 2 AB 52 5 5 3 11 0 2 BB 8 12 9 9 11 15 17 BC 1 17 25 18 13 24 30 CC 0 16 19 16 11 20 13 CD 0 10 7 11 10 8 1 DD 1 8 0 2 4 1 0 FF 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Total No. of Students Appeared (OVERALL) 75 Total No. of Students Passed 60 Semester 5 Grades\Subject Design Engg II-A 2150001 Institute Elective-Disaster Management 2150003 Highway Engg 2150601 Hydrology & Water Resources Engg. 2150602 Environment Engg 2150603 Structural Analysis-II 2150608 Soil Mechanics 2150609 AA 12 1 3 4 0 0 0 AB 37 4 14 7 8 0 2 BB 22 12 16 16 15 8 16 BC 4 25 14 24 25 20 23 CC 0 22 21 20 17 25 24 CD 0 9 5 1 7 12 5 DD 0 2 0 0 1 1 3 FF 0 0 2 3 2 9 2 Total No. of Students Appeared (OVERALL) 75 Total No. of Students Passed 63 Semester 6 Grades\Subject 2160001 2160601 2160602 2160603 2160604 2160607 2160608 Design Engineering - II B ACE AFM RB&T WWE ESD UTS AA 24 0 2 4 0 0 1 AB 36 10 10 14 5 3 5 BB 15 28 17 20 9 14 21 BC 0 24 19 22 25 29 27 CC 0 12 22 13 31 22 20 CD 0 1 3 0 3 5 1 DD 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 FF 0 0 2 2 2 2 0 Total No. of Students Appeared (OVERALL) 75 Total No. of Students Passed 70 Semester 7 Grades/ Subject PROJECT-I (2170003) DESIGN OF REINFORCED CONCRETE STRUCTURES (2170607) IRRIGATION ENGINEERING (2170609) PROFESSIONAL PRACTICES & VALUATION ( 2170610) INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEERING & MANAGEMENT (DEPARTMENT ELECTIVE-II) (2170611 ) AA 26 0 0 0 0 AB 31 2 17 7 2 BB 10 12 26 22 12 BC 3 21 20 22 33 CC 0 26 6 16 21 CD 0 8 0 0 1 DD 0 0 0 0 0 FF 0 1 1 3 1 Total No. of Students Appeared (OVERALL) 70 Total No. of Students Passed 66 Semester 8 Grades/ Subject PROJECT-II ( 2180605 ) REPAIR & REHABILITATION OF CONCRETE STRUCTURES ( 2180607 ) FOUNDATION ENGINEERING ( 2180609 ) DESIGN OF STEEL STRUCTURES ( 2180610 ) CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT ( 2180611 ) AA 50 0 0 0 0 AB 12 7 3 1 3 BB 5 23 14 7 11 BC 3 28 39 28 36 CC 1 12 13 30 18 CD 0 0 2 2 1 DD 0 0 0 0 0 FF 0 1 0 3 1 Total No. of Students Appeared (OVERALL) 71 Total No. of Students Passed 68 ME Semester 1 Grades/Subject Research Skill 2710001 Matrix Methods of Structural Analysis 2712001 Advanced Design of Concrete Structures 2712008 Advanced Foundation Engineering 2712009 Numerical Methods for Civil Engineering 2713301 AA 12 0 0 1 0 AB 6 4 3 2 6 BB 3 6 10 9 8 BC 0 9 4 7 5 CC 0 0 0 0 0 CD 0 0 0 0 0 DD 0 0 0 0 0 FF 0 2 4 2 2 Total No. of Students Appeared (OVERALL) 21 Total No. of Students Passed 17 ME Semester 2 Grades/Subject 2722001 2722007 2722010 2722012 2723308 Finite Element Method in Structural Engineering Advanced Design of Steel Structures Structural Dynamics and Earthquake Engineering Structural Optimization Rehabilitation and Retrofitting of Buildings AA 0 0 0 2 0 AB 6 2 2 6 5 BB 7 6 5 7 12 BC 6 11 11 3 2 CC 0 0 0 0 0 CD 0 0 0 0 0 DD 0 0 0 0 0 FF 0 0 1 1 0 Total No. of Students Appeared (OVERALL) 19 Total No. of Students Passed 18 ME Semester 3 Grades/Subject Internal Review 2730002 Dissertation Phase - I 2730003 Seminar 2730004 Design of Tall Structures 2732005 AA 15 1 16 0 AB 3 12 0 4 BB 0 5 2 8 BC 0 0 0 5 CC 0 0 0 0 CD 0 0 0 0 DD 0 0 0 0 FF 0 0 0 1 Total No. of Students Appeared (OVERALL) 18 Total No. of Students Passed 17 ME Semester 4 Grades/ Subject 2740001 2740002 2740004 2742002 External Mid-sem Review Dissertation Phase-II Seminar Design of Bridges AA 5 2 0 0 AB 10 6 0 0 BB 3 10 15 3 BC 0 0 2 12 CC 0 0 1 2 CD 0 0 0 0 DD 0 0 0 0 FF 0 0 0 1 Total No. of Students Appeared (OVERALL) 18 Total No. of Students Passed 17 © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Civil Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to civil engineering Departmental Links Civil Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Student Placements (2016 - 2017) Sr. No. Name of the Company Name of the Students 1 Aarti Industries, Vapi Darshan Mehta Student Placements (2015 - 2016) Sr. No. Enrolment No. of student Placed Name of Student (As in records) Name of Company Location (Address) 1 1304136004 Kori Pavankumar Ramchander HITECH AHEMEDABAD 2 1204106004 Sunny Kundnani HITECH AHEMEDABAD 3 1204106013 Shah Urvi Ketanbhai HITECH AHEMEDABAD 4 1204106026 Devanshu Varia HITECH AHEMEDABAD 5 1204106022 Ms. Kritika Patel HITECH AHEMEDABAD 7 1204106039 Joyal Badala HITECH AHEMEDABAD 8 1304136002 Shishir Bisen HITECH AHEMEDABAD 10 1204106030 Dharmesh Prajapati HITECH AHEMEDABAD 11 1204106028 Jigar Shah HITECH AHEMEDABAD 12 1204106012 Viraj Purohit HITECH AHEMEDABAD 13 1204106013 Bhatt Bhoomik DiLipkumar M/S LINDE BARODA © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Civil Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to civil engineering. Departmental Links Civil Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Click the links to view the content First Year List of Top 10 students in Workshop Second Year List of Top 10 students in Attendance List of Top 10 students in Mid Semester Examination List of Top 10 students in FTKT List of Top 10 students in Seminar List of Top 10 students in Viva Third Year List of Top 10 students in Attendance List of Top 10 students in Design Engineering List of Top 10 students in Mid Semester Examination List of Top 10 students in FTKT List of Top 10 students in Seminar List of Top 10 students in Viva Fourth Year List of Top 10 students in Mid Semester Examination List of Top 10 students in FTKT List of Top 10 students in Seminar © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Civil Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to civil engineering. Departmental Links Civil Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Sr. No. Name of faculty member (Click_Hover_Mouse) Date of joining Designation Qualification Specialization Teaching experience R&D Experience Industry Experience Email 1 Dr. D.P.Soni 02/09/1997 I/c. Principal Ph.D Structural Engineering 20 6 1 hod.civil@svitvasad.ac.in 2 Dr. J.A.Amin 10/09/1997 I/c. HOD Ph.D Structural Engineering 20 6 2 jigneshamin.civil@svitvasad.ac.in 3 Dr. N.M.Trivedi 01/08/1998 Associate Professor Ph.D Water Resources Engineering 21 6 1 niranjantrivedi.civil@svitvasad.ac.in 4 Dr.S.P.Shah 03/03/2004 Associate Professor Ph.D Water Resources Engineering 17 6 0 samtashah.civil@svitvasad.ac.in 5 Dr.S.P.Dalal 13/08/2005 Associate Professor Ph.D Structural Engineering 13 6 1 sejaldalal.civil@svitvasad.ac.in 6 Prof. C.G.Patel 01/09/1997 Assistant Professor M.E. Construction Engg.&Mgmt 17 1 2 chitranjanpatel.civil@svitvasad.ac.in 7 Prof. S.S.Huseni 05/08/1999 Assistant Professor M.E. Water Resources &Mgmt 17 1 0 sahilhuseni.civil@svitvasad.ac.in 8 Prof. S.M.Shah 09/08/1999 Assistant Professor M.E. Environmental Engineering 17 6 2 shefalishah.civil@svitvasad.ac.in 9 Dr. R V Goyal 17/07/2006 Assistant Professor Ph.D Environmental Engineering 16 6 1 roopaligoyal.civil@svitvasad.ac.in 10 Prof. F M Patel 12/01/2009 Assistant Professor M.E. Environmental Engineering 8 1 0 falgunipatel.civil@svitvasad.ac.in 11 Prof. P H Patel 03/07/2009 Assistant Professor M.E. Geotechnical Engineering 8 1 2 pinalpatel.civil@svitvasad.ac.in 12 Prof. D J Dhyani 03/08/2010 Assistant Professor M.E. Structural Engineering 8 1 0 dhrutidhyani.civil@svitvasad.ac.in 13 Prof. D C Patel 11/07/2011 Assistant Professor M.E. Transportation engineering 6 1 4 dipenpatel.civil@svitvasad.ac.in 14 Prof. T N Patel 11/05/2012 Assistant Professor M.E. Structural Engineering 12 1 0 tusharpatel.civil@svitvasad.ac.in 15 Prof. S H Kharde 20/06/2015 Assistant Professor M.E. Structural Engineering 4 1 1 shwetakharde.civil@svitvasad.ac.in 16 Prof. A P Kalyani 20/06/2015 Assistant Professor M.E. Structural Engineering 1 1 1 anilkalyani.civil@svitvasad.ac.in © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Civil Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to civil engineering. Departmental Links Civil Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Time Table - B.E. Civil Engineering Year Semester Link 1 1 Click here to view/download Time-table 2 3 Click here to view/download Time-table 3 5 Click here to view/download Time-table 4 7 Click here to view/download Time-table Time Table - M.E. Civil Engineering Year Semester Link 1 1 Click here to view/download Time-table 2 3 Click here to view/download Time-table © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Civil Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to civil engineering Departmental Links Civil Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Computer Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to computer engineering. Departmental Links Computer Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Syllabus (Click here to download syllabus of entire course) Semester Subject Code Subject Name 1 2110014 Calculus 2110002 Communication Skills 2110005 Elements of Electrical Engineering 2110011 Physics 2110013 Engineering Graphics 2110017 Electrical and Electronics Workshop 2 2110015 Vector Calculus & Linear Algebra 2110007 Environmental Studies 2110003 Computer Programming and Utilization 2110006 Elements of Mechanical Engineering 2110016 Basic Electronics 2990001 Contributor Personality Development 3 2130002 Advanced Engineering Mathematics 2130004 Engineering Economics and Management 2130702 Data Structure 2130703 Database Management Systems 2131004 Digital Electronics 2130005 Design Engineering - I A 4 2140702 Operating System 2140705 Object Oriented Programming With C++ 2140706 Numerical and Statistical Methods for Computer Engineering 2140707 Computer Organization 2140709 Computer Networks 5 2150703 Analysis and Design of Algorithms 2150704 Object Oriented Programming using JAVA 2150707 Microprocessor and Interfacing 2150708 System Programming 2150002 Institute Elective - Cyber Security 6 160701 Software Engineering 160702 Information Security 160703 Computer Graphics 160704 Theory Of Computation 160705 Web Application Development 7 170701 Compiler Design 170702N Wireless Communication and Mobile Programming 170703 Advance Java Technology 170704 Advance Computing Technology 170707 Advance .Net Technology 170708 Web Data Management 170001 Project -I 8 180702 Parallel Processing 181605 Service Oriented Computing 18708 Android Programming (Department Elective - II) © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Computer Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Computer engineering. Only college in Gujarat. Departmental Links Computer Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner First Semester Grade 2110003 2110005 2110006 2110007 2110014 2110017 Computer Programming and Utilization Elements of Electrical Engineering Elements of Mechanical Engineering Environmental Studies Calculus Electrical and Electronics Workshop AA(85-100) 3 7 1 1 21 8 AB(75-84) 29 34 21 12 31 60 BB(65-74) 27 26 38 34 23 46 BC(55-64) 31 36 39 28 17 8 CC(45-54) 22 14 16 29 17 1 CD(40-44) 0 0 1 9 1 0 DD(35-39) 0 0 0 4 0 0 FF(<35) 14 9 10 9 16 3 Total 126 126 126 126 126 126 Second Semester Grade 2110002 2110011 2110013 2110015 2110016 2990001 Communication Skills Physics Engineering Graphics Vector Calculus & Linear Algebra Basic Electronics Contributor Personality Development AA(85-100) 3 7 4 16 4 1 AB(75-84) 27 28 38 25 20 52 BB(65-74) 59 33 41 31 38 64 BC(55-64) 27 33 20 26 33 7 CC(45-54) 7 16 13 19 19 0 CD(40-44) 0 0 0 1 0 0 DD(35-39) 0 0 0 0 0 0 FF(<35) 2 8 9 7 11 1 Total 125 125 125 125 125 125 Third Semester Grade 130002 130701 130702 130703 130704 131101 Advanced Engineering Mathematics Digital Logic Design Data And File Structure Database Management System Computer Organization And Architecture Basic Electronics AA(85-100) 9 0 18 3 0 3 AB(75-84) 18 7 104 17 9 31 BB(65-74) 26 26 32 44 67 44 BC(55-64) 24 49 0 60 57 47 CC(45-54) 16 52 0 12 12 18 CD(40-44) 0 10 0 1 0 1 DD(35-39) 0 6 0 0 0 0 FF(<35) 64 7 3 20 12 13 Total 157 157 157 157 157 157 Fourth Semester Grade 2140707 2130005 2140002 2140702 2140705 2140706 2140709 Computer Organization Design Engineering - I A Design Engineering - I B Operating System Object Oriented Programming With C++ Numerical and Statistical Methods for Computer Engineering Computer Networks AA(85-100) 1 0 9 0 8 2 0 AB(75-84) 2 0 54 13 12 21 10 BB(65-74) 43 0 47 54 45 41 38 BC(55-64) 61 0 35 68 46 51 57 CC(45-54) 29 1 5 8 25 17 29 CD(40-44) 2 0 0 0 2 0 3 DD(35-39) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 FF(<35) 12 1 2 9 14 20 15 Total 150 2 152 152 152 152 152 Fifth Semester Grade 150001 150701 150702 150703 150704 150705 151906 Management - II Advance Processors Computer Network Design And Analysis Of Algorithms Object Oriented Programming With Java Seminar Conventional Power energy AA(85-100) 0 0 0 0 2 15 1 AB(75-84) 13 2 8 3 6 73 13 BB(65-74) 24 11 31 19 26 33 21 BC(55-64) 43 22 47 43 52 17 49 CC(45-54) 37 52 36 41 38 1 34 CD(40-44) 13 25 8 15 6 0 10 DD(35-39) 4 24 5 10 7 0 6 FF(<35) 6 4 5 9 3 1 6 Total 140 140 140 140 140 140 140 Sixth Semester Grade 160701 160702 160703 160704 160705 160706 Software Engineering Information Security Computer Graphics Theory Of Computation Web Application Development System Programming AA(85-100) 1 0 0 5 6 0 AB(75-84) 19 7 7 14 21 10 BB(65-74) 47 28 37 27 29 30 BC(55-64) 43 32 42 29 33 44 CC(45-54) 17 37 28 33 30 30 CD(40-44) 5 11 11 13 7 11 DD(35-39) 2 13 5 10 2 7 FF(<35) 2 8 6 5 8 4 Total 136 136 136 136 136 136 Seventh Semester Grade 170001 170701 170703 170704 170707 1990001 170702N 170708 Project - I Compiler Design Advance Java Technology Advance Computing Technology Advance .Net Technology Contributor Personality Development Wireless Communication and Mobile Programming Web Data Management AA(85-100) 0 1 0 0 6 5 1 0 AB(75-84) 18 21 15 7 44 65 10 0 BB(65-74) 66 40 37 49 48 40 52 1 BC(55-64) 52 50 53 56 26 4 60 1 CC(45-54) 0 20 20 20 9 1 11 0 CD(40-44) 0 0 2 2 0 0 0 0 DD(35-39) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 FF(<35) 2 6 11 4 3 0 4 0 Total 138 138 138 138 136 115 138 2 Eighth Semester Grade 180701 180702 180706 180708 Distributed Systems Parallel Processing Project -II Android Programming (Department Elective - II) AA(85-100) 0 2 31 1 AB(75-84) 9 41 65 23 BB(65-74) 52 55 37 77 BC(55-64) 59 31 4 27 CC(45-54) 17 8 0 9 CD(40-44) 0 1 0 0 DD(35-39) 0 0 0 0 FF(<35) 1 0 1 1 Total 138 138 138 138 © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Computer Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Computer engineering. Only college in Gujarat. Departmental Links Computer Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Student Placement - (2016 - 2017) Sr. No Name of the company Name of the students 1 Atos, Vadodara Ambarish Vinayak Bakre 2 Atos, Vadodara Amey Nitin Pradhan 3 Atos, Vadodara Hemant Hiranand Chetwani 4 Atos, Vadodara Isheeta Bharat Sarvaiya 5 Atos, Vadodara Jinal Sanjaykumar Shah 6 Atos, Vadodara Khushali Suryakant Shah 7 Atos, Vadodara Manthan Ashok Khanvilkar 8 Atos, Vadodara Manushi Bhadreshkumar Shah 9 Atos, Vadodara Niramay Ravindra Kelkar 10 Atos, Vadodara Rishabh Sunil Parikh 11 Atos, Vadodara Samyak Dharmeshbhai Surti 12 Atos, Vadodara Shah Mudra Sanjaybhai 13 Atos, Vadodara Vineeth Wells George 14 Atos, Vadodara Vipal Arvindbhai Patel 15 Atos, Vadodara Yash Pradip Abhyankar 16 Capgemini, Mumbai Mukti Vijaykumar Vyas 17 Capgemini, Mumbai Rushi Samirbhai Patel 18 Cygnet, Ahmedabad Ashutosh Kumar 19 Cygnet, Ahmedabad Dweep Shah 20 Cygnet, Ahmedabad Kamna Jadhav 21 Cygnet, Ahmedabad Murtuza Ranapurwala 22 Cygnet, Ahmedabad Palav Jhaveri 23 Cygnet, Ahmedabad Shivani Tharot 24 Health Care Solution, Vadodara Binal Patel 25 Health Care Solution, Vadodara Dhruvi Patel 26 Health Care Solution, Vadodara Jay Unewal 27 Health Care Solution, Vadodara Jayan Patel 28 IntegrationPoint, Vadodara Arpit Agrawal 29 IRIS Business, Navi Mumbai Devang Barot 30 IRIS Business, Navi Mumbai Kunj Tandel 31 L&T Infotech, Mumbai Chirag Chokshi 32 L&T Infotech, Mumbai Ishita Chaubal 33 L&T Infotech, Mumbai Priyanka Upadhyaya 34 L&T Infotech, Mumbai Rani Changela 35 Phono, Vadodara Yesh Soni 36 Rang Technology, Vadodara Krunal Parmar 37 Rishabh Software, Vadodara Tosha 38 SVAPATA IT Ally, Vadodara Vishakha 39 TCS, Gandhinagar Deep Patel 40 TCS, Gandhinagar Neeshit Kaushik 41 TCS, Gandhinagar Shivani Tare 42 TCS, Gandhinagar Vaibhavi Gisai 43 TCS, Gandhinagar Yash Abhyankar 44 XMS Solutions, Ahmedabad Anjali Rathod 45 XMS Solutions, Ahmedabad Ketan Patil 46 XMS Solutions, Ahmedabad Mohini Jadhav 47 XMS Solutions, Ahmedabad Nikhil Rana 48 XMS Solutions, Ahmedabad Nirali Rana © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Computer Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Computer engineering. Only college in Gujarat. Departmental Links Computer Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner 2 DAYS workshop on IOT with ARDUINO © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Computer Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Computer engineering. Only college in Gujarat. Departmental Links Computer Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Sr. No. Name of faculty member Date of joining Designation Qualification Specialization Teaching experience R&D Experience Industry Experience Email 1 Ms Bijal J Talati 10/1/2000 HOD-CE Ph.D. (pursuing) Image Processing 18 1 0 bijaltalati.comp@svitvasad.ac.in 2 Ms Neha R Soni 2/3/2000 Assistant Professor Ph.D. (pursuing) Data Mining 17.6 0 0 nehasoni.comp@svitvasad.ac.in 3 Ms Jayna B Shah 16/08/2002 Assistant Professor M.E. Computer Engg. 16 0 5 Year jaynashah.comp@svitvasad.ac.in 4 Mr G J Sahani 6/11/2003 Assistant Professor Ph.D. (pursuing) Computer Engg. 18.8 0 0 gurucharansinghsahani.comp @svitvasad.ac.in 5 Ms Parul V Bakaraniya 12/8/2005 Assistant Professor M.E. Computer Science & Engg. 14 0 0 parulbakaraniya.comp@svitvasad.ac.in 6 Mr Vishal M Shah 1/9/2005 Assistant Professor Ph.D. (pursuing) Information Technology 12 0 0 vishalshah.comp@svitvasad.ac.in 7 Mr Rashmin B Prajapati 2/7/2007 Assistant Professor M.Tech. Computer Science & Engg. 10 1 0 rashminprajapati.comp@svitvasad.ac.in 8 Mr Keyur N Upadhyay 2/7/2007 Assistant Professor M.E. Computer Engg. 10 0 0 keyurupadhyay.comp@svitvasad.ac.in 9 Mr Milin M Patel 2/7/2007 Assistant Professor M.E. Computer Engg. 10 0 0 milinpatel.comp@svitvasad.ac.in 10 Mr Tejas P Bhatt 16/01/2008 Assistant Professor Ph.D. (pursuing) Computer Science & Engg. 10.1 0 0 tejasbhatt.comp@svitvasad.ac.in 11 Ms Rimi V Gupta 1/7/2008 Assistant Professor M.E. Computer Engg. 9 0 0 rimigupta.comp@svitvasad.ac.in 12 Ms Barkha M Joshi 1/7/2008 Assistant Professor M.E. Computer Science & Engg. 10 0 2 year barkhajoshi.comp@svitvasad.ac.in 13 Ms Nidhi B Shah 26/12/2011 Assistant Professor M Tech. Computer Engg. 7 0 0 nidhishah.comp@svitvasad.ac.in 14 Mr Keyur S Suthar 28/12/2011 Assistant Professor M.E. Computer Engg. 4.9 0 5 year keyursuthar.comp@svitvasad.ac.in 15 Ms Nisha S Velani 2/1/2012 Assistant Professor Ph.D. (pursuing) Computer Science & Engg. 8 0 0 nishavelani.comp@svitvasad.ac.in 16 Mr Arpit Rana 30/05/2013 Assistant Professor Ph.D. (pursuing) Computer Science & Engg. 13 0 0 arpitrana.comp@svitvasad.ac.in 17 Mr Hiren M Patel 6/8/2013 Assistant Professor M.E. Computer Engg. 4 0 0 hirenpatel.comp@svitvasad.ac.in 18 Mr Nitin Patel 12/9/2014 Assistant Professor M.E. Computer Engg. (Wireless and Mobile Computing) 4.7 0 4 Months nitinpatel.comp@svitvasad.ac.in 19 Ms Nidhi Khatri 17/09/2014 Assistant Professor M.E. Computer Engg. 2.9 0 0 nidhikhatri.comp@svitvasad.ac.in 20 Ms Shrina P Patel 1/3/2015 Assistant Professor M.E. Computer Engg. 4 0 0 shrinapatel.comp@svitvasad.ac.in 21 Mr. Purvik N Rana 07/07/2016 Assistant Professor(Adhoc) M.E. Computer Engg. (Wireless and Mobile Computing) 3.8 0 0 purvikrana.comp@svitvasad.ac.in 22 Mr. Ronak J Roy 07/07/2016 Assistant Professor(Adhoc) M. Tech Computer Engineering 2 0 0 ronakroy.comp@svitvasad.ac.in 23 Ms. Vyoma S Patel 21/06/2017 Assistant Professor(Adhoc) M.E. Computer Engineering 11 months 0 09 months vyoma7499@gmail.com © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Computer Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Computer engineering. Only college in Gujarat. Departmental Links Computer Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Time Table Year Semester Class Link FY 1 Class 1 - Class 2 - SY 3 Class 1 Click here to view/download time-table Class 2 Click here to view/download time-table TY 5 Class 1 Click here to view/download time-table Class 2 Click here to view/download time-table LY 7 Class 1 Click here to view/download time-table Class 2 Click here to view/download time-table ME FY 1 Class 1 Click here to view/download time-table ME SY 3 Class 1 Click here to view/download time-table © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Computer Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Computer engineering. Only college in Gujarat. Departmental Links Computer Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Our Skill Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam 85% Joomla 95% HTML 80% CSS 90% Wordpress Team of Corlate Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam Jhon Doe Founder and CEO Web Ui Ux Photoshop There are many variations of passages of Lorem Ipsum available, but the majority have suffered alteration in some form, by injected humour, or randomised words which don't look even slightly believable. Jhon Doe Founder and CEO Web Ui Ux Photoshop There are many variations of passages of Lorem Ipsum available, but the majority have suffered alteration in some form, by injected humour, or randomised words which don't look even slightly believable. Jhon Doe Founder and CEO Web Ui Ux Photoshop There are many variations of passages of Lorem Ipsum available, but the majority have suffered alteration in some form, by injected humour, or randomised words which don't look even slightly believable. Jhon Doe Founder and CEO Web Ui Ux Photoshop There are many variations of passages of Lorem Ipsum available, but the majority have suffered alteration in some form, by injected humour, or randomised words which don't look even slightly believable. © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Information Technology Department This department teaches subjects related to Information Technology Departmental Links Information Technology About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Click on the subject to view/download syllabus Year/ Semester Subject Code Complete Subject Name 1 2110014 Calculus 1 2110005 Elements of Electrical Engineering 1 2110007 Environmental Studies 1 2110013 Engineering Graphics 1 2110011 Physics 1 2110017 Electrical and Electronics Workshop 2 2110002 Communication Skills 2 2110003 Computer Programming and Utilization 2 2110006 Elements of Mechanical Engineering 2 2110015 Vector Calculus & Linear Algebra 2 2110016 Basic Electronics 2 2990001 Contributor Personality Development 3 2130002 Advanced Engineering Mathematics 3 2130004 Engineering Economics & Management 3 2130702 2 Data structures 3 2130703 Database Management Systems 3 2131004 Digital Electronics 3 2130005 Design Engineering - I A 4 2140702 Operating System 4 2140705 Object Oriented Programming With C++ 4 2140706 Numerical and Statistical Methods for Computer Engineering 4 2140707 Computer Organization 4 2140709 Computer Networks 4 2140002 Design Engineering - I B 5 2150703 Analysis and Design of Algorithms 5 2150704 Object Oriented Programming using JAVA 5 2150708 System Programming 5 2151603 Computer Graphics 5 2150001 Design Engineering - II A 5 2150002 Institute Elective - Cyber Security 5 2150003 Institute Elective - Diaster Management 6 2160001 Design Engineering - II B 6 2160701 Software Engineering 6 2160707 Advanced Java 6 2160708 Web Technology 6 2160709 Embedded and VLSI Design 6 2160710 Distributed Operating System 6 2160711 Net Technology 6 2161603 Data Compression and Data Retrival 6 2161604 Image Processing 7 2170001 Project - I 7 2170709 Information and Network Security 7 2170710 Mobile Computing and Wireless Communication 7 2170715 Data Mining and Business Intelligence 7 2171607 Big Data Analysis 7 2170713 Service Oriented Computing 7 2170714 Distributed DBMS 8 2180703 Artificial Intelligence 8 2180709 IOT and Applications 8 2180711 Python Programming 8 2181607 Mutlimedia and Animation 8 2180713 Web data Management 8 2180712 Cloud Infrastructure and Services 8 2180714 iOS Programming 8 2181606 Project (Phase-II) © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Information Technology Department This department teaches subjects related to Information Technology Departmental Links Information Technology About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Under Graduate (BE) Semester 3 Grades\Subject Advanced Engineering Mathematics (2130002) Eng. Eco. and Management (2130004) Design Engineering - I A (2130005) Data Structure (2130702) Database Management Systems (2130703) Digital Electronics (2130704) AA 7 0 26 4 3 2 AB 7 8 73 12 21 7 BB 25 12 47 36 40 24 BC 22 27 0 40 30 43 CC 27 4 0 25 34 35 CD 17 24 0 7 4 9 DD 0 29 0 3 0 0 FF 41 6 0 19 14 26 Total No. of Students Appeared 147 Total No. of Students Passed 89 Semester 5 Grades\Subject 2150001 Design Engineering - II A 2150002 Institute Elective - Cyber Security 2150703 Analysis and Design of Algorithms 2150704 Object Oriented Programming using JAVA 2150708 System Programming 2151603 Computer Graphics AA 15 50 3 0 2 1 AB 74 96 18 15 10 14 BB 62 0 45 43 29 48 BC 0 0 49 42 38 38 CC 0 2 26 35 41 33 CD 0 0 2 1 8 9 DD 0 0 0 0 1 0 FF 0 3 8 15 22 8 Total No. of Students Appeared 151 Total No. of Students Passed 124 Semester 6 Grades\Subject Design Eng 2160001 Software Engineering 2160701 A. JAVA 2160707 WEB TECH. 2160708 .Net 2160711 DCDR 2161603 AA 105 0 2 5 0 1 AB 36 18 14 23 15 22 BB 3 35 37 45 35 46 BC 3 39 30 35 48 49 CC 0 39 43 31 27 23 CD 0 14 13 4 14 0 DD 0 0 0 0 3 0 FF 0 8 14 10 11 12 Semester 7 Grades\Subject Project - I (170001 ) Wireless Communication and Mobile Programming (170702N) Advance Java Technology (170703) Data Warehousing And Data Mining (171601 ) Distributed Database Application & System (171602) Enterprise Resource Planning (171605 ) / Dot Net Technology (171604) / Web Data Management (170708 ) AA 4 0 1 0 1 0 AB 50 13 6 7 8 8 BB 56 46 32 21 24 30 BC 13 46 38 41 53 52 CC 1 16 35 42 26 25 CD 0 1 2 5 0 0 DD 0 0 0 0 0 0 FF 1 3 11 9 13 7 Semester 8 Grades\Subject Artificial Intelligence (2180703) IOT and Application (2180709) Project (2181606) AA 0 5 73 AB 15 26 48 BB 55 48 21 BC 45 44 7 CC 34 25 0 CD 0 0 0 DD 0 0 0 FF 2 3 2 Total No. of Students Appeared 152 Total No. of Students Passed 122 Post Graduate (ME) Semester 1 Grades\Subject 2710001 Research Skills 2710209 Wireless Communication 2710210 Numerical methods for Computer Engineering ** 2712309 Data Mining 2715601 Cryptography and Network Security AA 6 0 0 0 0 AB 0 2 1 1 1 BB 0 4 4 4 2 BC 0 0 1 1 3 CC 0 0 0 0 0 CD 0 0 0 0 0 DD 0 0 0 0 0 FF 0 0 0 0 0 Total No. of Students Appeared 6 Total No. of Students Passed 6 Semester 3 Grades\Subject SEMINAR 2730001 Internal Review 2730002 Dissertation Phase - I 2730003 Cloud Security 2735603 AA 7 8 1 0 AB 8 7 5 0 BB 0 0 2 0 BC 1 1 6 0 CC 0 0 1 0 CD 0 0 0 0 DD 0 0 0 0 FF 0 0 1 0 Semester 4 Grades\Subject 2730002 Internal Review 2730003 Dissertation Phase - I 2730004 Seminar 2735603 Cloud Security AA 1 1 2 0 AB 2 2 4 2 BB 3 3 2 2 BC 0 0 1 5 CC 3 2 0 0 CD 0 0 0 0 DD 0 0 0 0 FF 0 1 0 0 Total No. of Students Appeared 9 Total No. of Students Passed 8 © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Information Technology Department This department teaches subjects related to Information Technology Departmental Links Information Technology About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Placement Details (For the Academic Year 2016 - 2017) Sr. No. Name of the Company Name of the Student 1 Atos, Vadodara Alisha Mahebubbhai Agaria 2 Atos, Vadodara Alisha Mukesh Dodia 3 Atos, Vadodara Anant Sahadevan Pillai 4 Atos, Vadodara Harshverdhan Jagdishbhai Kher 5 Atos, Vadodara Jasmita Kiran Shirke 6 Atos, Vadodara Manali Yadav 7 Atos, Vadodara Meghana Ajay Gupta 8 Atos, Vadodara Priyanka Pathai 9 Atos, Vadodara Sagar Anil Sharma 10 Atos, Vadodara Shreya Gopal Shukla 11 Atos, Vadodara Urvil Kalpesh Shah 12 Atos, Vadodara Varun Vilas Mahagaokar 13 Capgemini, Mumbai Desai Hetvi Jayeshbhai 14 Capgemini, Mumbai Ritu Yadav 15 Capgemini, Mumbai Vidhi Atul Desai 16 Cygnet, Ahmedabad Yash Dodiya 17 Cygnet, Ahmedabad Faraz Pathan 18 Cygnet, Ahmedabad Jainam Desai 19 Cygnet, Ahmedabad Krishna Bhatt 20 Cygnet, Ahmedabad Mubaraka Bharucha 21 Cygnet, Ahmedabad Nagma Sheikh 22 Health Care Solution, Vadodara Medha Maniar 23 IntegrationPoint, Vadodara Vedant Pawar 24 IRIS Business, Navi Mumbai Nilay Joshi 25 L&T Infotech, Mumbai Anushree Juthani 26 L&T Infotech, Mumbai Shreya Parmar 27 Peaas Software, Vadodara Harsha Patil 28 Peaas Software, Vadodara Shweta Panchal 29 Radix, Ahmedabad Aesha Shah 30 Radix, Ahmedabad Dhwanil Upadhyay 31 Radix, Ahmedabad Margi Tailor 32 Radix, Ahmedabad Vidhi Thakkar 33 Sophos, Ahemdabad Aditi Mistry 34 SVAPATA IT Ally, Vadodara Jaydatt 35 Tatva Soft, Ahmedabad Vrundan Thacker 36 TCS, Gandhinagar Anant Pillai 37 TCS, Gandhinagar Devanshi Thacker 38 TCS, Gandhinagar Ishani Bhadoria 39 TCS, Gandhinagar Roshni Mahani 40 Window Maker Kishan Vaishnav 41 XMS Solutions, Ahmedabad Kinnal Parmar 42 XMS Solutions, Ahmedabad Pinky Murjani © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Information Technology Department This department teaches subjects related to Information Technology Departmental Links Information Technology About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Click on the links to view the content General Notice Board Report of Workshop on "Hands on IOT" Report on Faculty Development Programme on Hadoop First Year (B.E) Second Year (B.E) Orientation Report of Second Year List of Top 10 students in Attendance - Division - 1 List of Top 10 students in FTKT - Division - 1 List of Top 10 students in Mid Semester Examination - Division - 1 List of Top 10 students in Seminar - Division - 1 List of Top 10 students in Attendance - Division - 2 List of Top 10 students in FTKT - Division - 2 List of Top 10 students in Mid Semester Examination - Division - 2 List of Top 10 students in Seminar - Division - 2 Third Year (B.E) Report of Expert Talk on Networking and Cyber Security Orientation Report of semester Third Year students List of Top 10 students in Attendance - Division - 1 List of Top 10 students in FTKT - Division - 1 List of Top 10 students in Mid Semester Examination - Division - 1 List of Top 10 students in Seminar - Division - 1 List of Top 10 students in Attendance - Division - 2 List of Top 10 students in FTKT - Division - 2 List of Top 10 students in Mid Semester Examination - Division - 2 List of Top 10 students in Seminar - Division - 2 Fourth Year (B.E) Report of Workshop on "Hands on IoT" Orientation Report of semester Fourth Year students List of Top 10 students in Attendance - Division - 1 List of Top 10 students in FTKT - Division - 1 List of Top 10 students in Mid Semester Examination - Division - 1 List of Top 10 students in Seminar - Division - 1 List of Top 10 students in Attendance - Division - 2 List of Top 10 students in FTKT - Division - 2 List of Top 10 students in Mid Semester Examination - Division - 2 List of Top 10 students in Seminar - Division - 2 © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Information Technology Department This department teaches subjects related to Information Technology Departmental Links Information Technology About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Sr. No. Name of faculty member Date of joining Designation Qualification Specialization Teaching experience R&D Experience Industry Experience Email 1 PROF.NISHA SHAH 27/12/2011 I/c. HOD, Assistant Professor Ph.D. (Pursuing) Data Mining, Security, TOC , Compiler Design 14 - 8 nishashah.it@svitvasad.ac.in 2 PROF. VITRENDRA BAROT 12/8/2005 Assistant Professor M.Tech. Data Mining, Database, Network Security 11 - - virendrabarot.it@svitvasad.ac.in 3 PROF. MALA MEHTA 1/8/2005 Assistant Professor M.E. & M.Tech. DBMS, Soft Computing 10 - 0.1 malamehta.it@svitvasad.ac.in 4 PROF. SWATI BENDALE 16/8/2005 Assistant Professor M.E. Image Processing,CG, DS, C Programming 10 - - swatibendale.it@svitvasad.ac.in 5 PROF.FALGUNI PATEL 19/9/2005 Assistant Professor M.E. (C.E.) Bigdata, Data Mining, DBMS, CG 11 - 0.6 falgunipatel.it@svitvasad.ac.in 6 PROF. GARGI CHAUHAN 24/7/2006 Assistant Professor M.E. Information Security 8 - - gargichauhan.it@svitvasad.ac.in 7 PROF.SNEHA GAYWALA 21/8/06 Assistant Professor M.E. Web Technology, Client Server Technology, .net Technology 8 - 0.1 snehagaywala.it@svitvasad.ac.in 8 PROF. PRIYANKA SHAH 8/1/2007 Assistant Professor M.E. MOC, Operation Research 8 - 0.3 priyankashah.it@svitvasad.ac.in 9 PROF. PARESH PATEL 28/03/2012 Assistant Professor M.E. SE, Project Management, AI 10 - - pareshpatel.it@svitvasad.ac.in 10 PROF. AMIT CHAUDHARI 1/8/2012 Assistant Professor M.E. Image Processing, SE, OS, CN 3 - - amitchaudhari.it@svitvasad.ac.in 11 PROF. PARITA PARIKH 16/1/2012 Assistant Professor M.E. Data Mining, Information Security, DBMS 5 - - paritaparikh.it@svitvasad.ac.in 12 PROF. PRADISH DADHANIA 8/2/2014 Assistant Professor M.Tech. Wireless Communication, IS, OS 2 - - pradeeshdadhania@svitvasad.ac.in 13 PROF. HIREN RAVAL 14/2/2014 Assistant Professor M.Tech. C, C++, Java, SE, IS, SOC, Data Mining 2.2 - - hirenraval.it@svitvasad.ac.in 14 PROF. AMIT KARIYANI 25/02/2014 Assistant Professor M.Tech. Design Analysis of Algorithm, Data Mining , Android , java 2 - - amitkariyani.it@svitvasad.ac.in 15 PROF. ANAND PATEL 8/9/2014 Assistant Professor M.E. Design Analysis of Algorithm, C, C++, JAVA, Networking 1 - - anandpatel.it@svitvasad.ac.in 16 PROF. VAIBHAVI PATEL 8/9/2014 Assistant Professor M.E. .net Technology, C, GIS, Spatial Database 2 - - vaibhavipatel@svitvasad.ac.in 17 PROF. PRAVIN JADAV 8/9/2014 Assistant Professor M.Tech. CN, DS, C, Cloud Computing 1 - - pravinjadav.it@svitvasad.ac.in 18 PROF. HITESH MAKWANA 9/9/2014 Assistant Professor M.Tech. C, C++, JAVA , C#, ASP.net, DBMS, Genetic Algorithm 1 - 2 hiteshmakwana.it@svitvasad.ac.in 19 PROF. VIRAL PATEL 4/3/2015 Assistant Professor M.E. Design Analysis of Algorithm, C, C++, JAVA, DS, DE, Compiler Design 0.6 - - viralpatel.it@svitvasad.ac.in 20 PROF. VIBHAVARI PATEL 21/4/2015 Assistant Professor M.E. Networking, AI, Cloud Computing, C, C++ 8.9 - - vibhavatipatel.it@svitvasad.ac.in 21 PROF. JAY MEHTA 20/6/2015 Assistant Professor Ad Hoc M.Tech. NS, IS, ERP, Cyber Forensics and Cyber Security, 1 - - jaymehta.it@svitvasad.ac.in 22 PROF. CHANDANI PATEL 20/6/2015 Assistant Professor Ad Hoc M.E. Mobile Cloud Computing , Network Security 1.3 - - chandanipatel.it@svitvasad.ac.in 23 PROF. KHUSHI POPAT 21/6/2017 Assistant Professor Ad Hoc M.E. C, Java ,IS, Cloud Computing, Network Security 2.0 - - khushipopat.it@svitvasad.ac.in © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Information Technology Department This department teaches subjects related to Information Technology Departmental Links Information Technology About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner BE Time Table Year Semester Division Link 1 2 1 Click here to view/download time-table 2 Click here to view/download time-table 2 4 1 Click here to view/download time-table 2 Click here to view/download time-table 3 6 1 Click here to view/download time-table 2 Click here to view/download time-table 4 8 1 Click here to view/download time-table 2 Click here to view/download time-table ME Time - Table Year Semester Division Link 1 2 1 Click here to view/download time-table 2 4 3 Click here to view/download time-table © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Information Technology Department This department teaches subjects related to Information Technology Departmental Links Information Technology About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Electronics & Communication Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Electronics & Communication Departmental Links Electronics & Communication Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Bachelor of Engineering Year/Semester Subject Code Complete Subject Name 1st Sem 2110014 Calculus 2110002 Communication Skills 2110005 Elements of Electrical Engineering 2110006 Elements of Mechanical Engineering 2110013 Engineering Graphics 2110007 Environmental Studies 2nd Sem 2110001 Chemistry 2110003 Computer Programming and Utilization 2110004 Elements of Civil Engineering 2110011 Physics 2110012 Workshop Practice 2110015 Linear Algebra and Vector Calculus 2990001 CONTRIBUTOR PERSONALITY DEVELOPMENT 3rd Sem 2130002 Advance Engineering Mathematics 2130004 Engineering Economics and Management 2130005 Design Engineering I A 2130901 Circuits and Networks 2131004 Digital Electronics 2131005 Electrical Machines 2131006 Electronics Devices and Circuits 4th Sem 2141001 Microprocessor and Interfacing 2141002 Analog Circuit Design 2141003 Electronics Measurement And Instrumentation 2141004 Control System Engineering 2141005 Signals And Systems 2141006 Simulation and Design Tools 5th Sem 2150002 Cybersecurity 2150003 Disaster Management 2151001 Microcontroller and Interfacing 2151002 Engineering Electromagnatics 2151004 Electronics and Communication 2151101 Audio Video Systems 2151102 Mini Project 2161001 Digital Communication 6th Sem 2161003 Antenna and Wave Propagation 2161005 Optical Communication 2161006 Power Electronics Devices and Circuits 2061101 VLSI Technology and Design 2161102 Advanced Microprocessor 2161103 Telecommunication Swtiching Systems and Networks 7th Sem 2171001 Microwave Engineering 2171003 Digital Signal Processing 2171004 Wireless Communication 2171005 Embedded Systems 2171007 Satellite Communication 2171008 Data Communication and Networking 2171102 Biomedical Instrumentation 2171103 Industrial Instrumentation 8th Sem 2181102 Fundamentals of Image Processing 2181103 Radar and Navigational AIDS 2181106 Device Driver and Writing 2181107 Testing and Verification ME - Communication Systems Year/Semester Subject Code Complete Subject Name 1st Sem 2710001 Research Skills 2710501 Digital Signal Processing Algorithms 2710502 Information Theory and Coding 2710503 Fiber Optic Communication 2710504 RF and Microwaves 2710505 Telecom Switching System, Networks and Management 2710506 Advanced Image Processing 2710507 ASIC Design 2nd Sem 2720501 Statistical Signal Analysis 2720502 Wireless and Mobile Communication 2720503 Antenna Engineering Design 2720504 Speech Signal Processing 2720505 Adaptive Signal Processing 2720506 Satellite Communication 2720507 Data Communication and Networking 2720508 Linear System Theory 2720509 Computer Networks 2720510 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence 2720511 CMOS Circuit Design I 2722710 Neuro Computing and Applications 3rd Sem 2730501 Introduction to Stochastic Control 2730502 Advanced Digital Communication 2730503 Artificial Neural Networks 4th Sem 2740501 Video Processing 2740502 Robotics and Intelligent System 2740503 Microwave Integrated Circuits ME - Embedded Systems Year/Semester Subject Code Complete Subject Name 1st Sem 2710001 Research Skills 2712704 First Course in Optimization Techniques 2715401 ARM Processor Architecture and System 2715402 Real Time Operating System Fundamentals 2715403 Electronic System Design 2715410 Advanced Digital Circuit Design 2nd Sem 2725405 Embedded and Linux Programming 2725405 Embedded and Linux Programming 2725406 Embedded and VLSI Signal Processing 2725407 Programmable Logic Contollers and Applications 2725408 Biomedical Instrumentation and Signal Processing 3rd Sem 2735404 Embedded Wireless Technologies 2735405 Mobile Phone Application Management 4th Sem 2744202 Power Efficient VLSI Design 2745402 Cortex © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Electronics & Communication Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Electronics & Communication Departmental Links Electronics & Communication Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Semester 5 Grade/Subject 2150001 2150002 2151001 2151002 2151004 2151101 2151102 DE Cyber Secuirity MI EMT ECOM AVS Mini project AA 27 15 1 1 3 2 44 AB 35 53 5 2 10 8 34 BB 33 23 11 8 11 20 23 BC 7 11 12 14 37 25 1 CC 0 0 30 28 28 28 0 CD 0 0 4 11 0 5 0 DD 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 FF 0 0 39 38 13 14 0 Total No. of Students Appeared 102 Total No. of Students Passed 53 Semester 7 Grade/Subject 2170001 2171001 2171003 2171004 2171007 2171005 2171008 PROJECT- I Microwave Engg. DSP WC SC ES DCN AA 23 0 4 1 3 0 0 AB 40 7 10 7 5 2 4 BB 13 20 13 14 11 6 14 BC 6 29 19 35 28 8 24 CC 3 24 20 22 9 11 32 CD 0 1 6 1 0 0 0 DD 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 FF 1 5 14 6 3 0 12 Total No. of Students Appeared 101 Total No. of Students Passed 82 © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Electronics & Communication Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Electronics & Communication Departmental Links Electronics & Communication Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Student Placement - (2016 - 2017) Sr. No. Name of the Company Name of the students 1 Atos, Vadodara Archana Pradhan 2 Atos, Vadodara Piyusha Deepak Lokre 3 Capgemini, Mumbai Harshal Mahendra Hundlani 4 Capgemini, Mumbai Mihir Kanakmal Jain 5 Capgemini, Mumbai Nair Jatin Krishnan 6 Capgemini, Mumbai Neetika Agarwal 7 Capgemini, Mumbai Ojha Hilor Rasbihari 8 Collabera, Vadodara Binimol Thomas 9 Collabera, Vadodara Sabitha Sasidharan 10 eSec, Ahmedabad Anjali Singh 11 IntegrationPoint, Vadodara Yesh Kushwah 12 L&T Infotech, Mumbai Lakshit Chamoli 13 L&T Infotech, Mumbai Shivani Badgujar 14 Rang Technology, Vadodara Anu Varkey 15 Rang Technology, Vadodara Divyesh Lohana 16 Rang Technology, Vadodara Sanket Tamboli 17 TCS, Gandhinagar Aakanksha Mathur 18 TCS, Gandhinagar Keval Doshi 19 TCS, Gandhinagar Tanvi Phadke 20 TCS, Gandhinagar Bansari Oza © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Electronics & Communication Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Electronics & Communication Departmental Links Electronics & Communication Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Click the links to view the content General Notice Board We congratulate our LY Electronics and Communication Engineering Students Keval Doshi and Aman Chawda for securing 1st prize overall as best hardware n hackers at I-Hack- hackathon, IIT-BOMBAY. Out of India's best 30 participating team & from almost 4 other IITs We congratulate our LY Electronics and Communication Engineering Students Keval Doshi and Aman Chawda for securing 1stprize overall as best hardware n hackers at I-Hack- hackathon, IIT-BOMBAY. Out of India's best 30 participating team & from almost 4 other IITs. An industrial visit of final year students has been arranged on 29th and 30th July, 2016 at BISAG, Gandhinagar An industrial visit of third year students has been arranged on 4th and 5th August, 2016 at Hitachi HI-REL Power Electronics Ltd, Gandhinagar BE - First Year BE - Second Year BE - Third Year Mid Semester Examination Time - Table Academic Calendar of Semester 6 BE - Fourth Year Mid Semester Examination Time - Table Academic Calendar of Semester 8 ME (Communication System Engineering) - Second Year Mid Semester Examination Time - Table ME (Embedded system) - Second Year Mid Semester Examination Time - Table Academic Calendar of Semester 4 © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Electronics & Communication Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Electronics & Communication Departmental Links Electronics & Communication Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Sr No. Name of Faculty Member Date of Joining Designation Qualification Specialization Teaching Experience R & D Experience Industry Experience Email 1 Dr. Yagnesh B. Shukla 12/8/1999 Head Of Department Ph.D. Power Electronics 16.6 3 1 ybshukla2003@yahoo.com 2 Dr. Kiritkumar R. Bhatt 2/8/1999 Professor Ph.D. VLSI & Embedded System 16.11 3 1 krbhattec@gmail.com 3 Dr. Nehal.G. Chitaliya 2/8/1999 Asso.Professor Ph.D. Image Processing 16.6 3 2 nehal_chitaliya@yahoo.co.in 4 Prof. Jigneshkumar N. Patel 20/01/1999 Asst.Professor M.E. E&C 16.5 - - jnpatel_svit@yahoo.co.in 5 Prof. Sandip R. Panchal 27/07/2000 Asst.Professor Ph.D(Pursuing) Image Processing 15.11 1 - er_sandip79@yahoo.com 6 Prof. Niti P. Gupta 8/7/2002 Asst.Professor M.E. MSA 13.3 - - nitipradeepgupta@gmail.com 7 Prof. Saurabh M. Patel 23/09/2006 Asst.Professor Ph.D(Pursuing) Communication 9.1 - - smpatel25@yahoo.com 8 Prof. Nilofar A. Shekh 25/07/2006 Asst.Professor Ph.D(Pursuing) Embedded System 9 - - nilofarasfak@gmail.com 9 Prof. Renuka J. Makwana 16/07/2007 Asst.Professor Ph.D(Pursuing) Antenna 11.5 - - renuka_88@yahoo.com 10 Prof. Tushar K. Kulkarni 16/07/2007 Asst.Professor M.E. I.E. 8.9 1 - tushar_kulkarni12@rediff.com 11 Prof. Hiren J. Modha 1/7/2011 Asst.Professor M.E. E.C. 6 1 - hiren_modha2001@yahoo.com 12 Prof. Rikita K. Gohil 9/7/2011 Asst.Professor M.E. Digital Communication 5.2 1 - rikitaec@gmail.com 13 Prof. Mrugesh L. Shah 2/7/2012 Asst.Professor M.Tech. E.C 3.6 1 - mrugeshhunt@gmail.com 14 Prof. Ketan R. Tandel 2/7/2012 Asst.Professor M.Tech. E.C 3 1 - ketan_3188@rediffmail.co.in 15 Prof. Hiren D. Patel 2/7/2012 Asst.Professor M.Tech. E.C 4 - 0.6 hirenec11@gmail.com 16 Prof. Sumit K. Patel 2/7/2012 Asst.Professor M.Tech. E.C 3 1 - sumit_3121@yahoo.com 17 Prof. Chetan R. Chauhan 20/7/2012 Asst.Professor M.Tech. Optical Communication 4.7 1 - chetan.svit@gmail.com 18 Prof. Sameep P. Dave 6/8/2013 Asst.Professor M.Tech. Communication Systems 5.4 1 - dave.sameep@gmail.com 19 Prof. Amit M. Sheth 12/8/2013 Asst.Professor M.Tech. Communication Systems 4.3 1 - amitmsheth26@gmail.com 20 Prof. Vrushank H. Gandhi 7/3/2015 Asst.Professor M.E. E.C. 0.9 - - vrushank011@gmail.com © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Electronics & Communication Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Electronics & Communication Departmental Links Electronics & Communication Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Time Table - B.E. Electronics & Communication Engineering Year Semester Link 1 2 2 4 Click here to view/download Time-table (Division - 1) Click here to view/download Time-table (Division - 2) 3 6 Click here to view/download Time-table (Division - 1) Click here to view/download Time-table (Division - 2) 4 8 Click here to view/download Time-table (Division - 1) Click here to view/download Time-table (Division - 2) Time Table - M.E. Electronics & Communication Engineering Year Semester Link 1 2 Click here to view/download Time-table (for ME - ES) Click here to view/download Time-table (for ME Communications) 2 4 Click here to view/download Time-table (for ME - ES) Click here to view/download Time-table (for ME Communications) © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Electronics & Communication Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Electronics & Communication Departmental Links Electronics & Communication Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Instrumentation & Control Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Instrumentation & Control Departmental Links Instrumentation & Control Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Click on the Subject Name to View/Download Syllabus Year/Semester Subject Code Subject Name 1st Year 1st Sem 2110014 CALCULUS 2110011 PHYSICS 2110003 COMPUTER PROGRAMMING AND UTILIZATION 2110005 ELEMENTS OF ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING 2110017 ELECTRICAL AND ELECTRONICS WORKSHOP 2110007 ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES 1st Year 2nd Sem 2990001 CONTRIBUTOR PERSONALITY DEVELOPMENT 2110016 BASIC ELECTRONICS 2110015 LINEAR ALGEBRA AND VECTOR CALCULUS 2110013 ENGINEERING GRAPHICS 2110002 COMMUNICATION SKILLS 2nd Year 3rd Sem 2130002 ADVANCE ENGINEERING MATHS 2130004 ENGINEERING ECONOMICS AND MANAGEMENT 2130005 DESIGN ENGINEERING 2130901 CIRCUITS AND NETWORKS 2131005 ELECTRICAL MACHINES 2131006 ELECTRONIC DEVICES AND CIRCUITS 2131704 DIGITAL LOGIC CIRCUITS 2nd Year 4th Sem 2141706 ANALOG SIGNAL PROCESSING 2141708 CONTROL SYSTEM 2141705 INDUSTRIAL MEASUREMENT I 2141704 MEASUREMENT & INSTRUMENTS 2141703 NUMERICAL TECHNIQUES & STATISTICAL METHODS FOR IC ENGINEERING 2141006 SIMULATION AND DESIGN TOOLS 3rd Year 5th Sem 2150002 CYBER SECURITY 2151704 CONTROL SYSTEM COMPONENTS 2151707 INDUSTRIAL MEASUREMENT II 2151707 MICROCONTROLLER & INTERFACING (IC) 2151705 PROCESS CONTROL SYSTEMS 3rd Year 6th Sem 2161704 ANALOG AND DIGITAL COMMUNICATION 2161707 CONTROL SYSTEM DESIGN 2161708 POWER ELECTRONICS 2161709 PROGRAMMABLE LOGIC CONTROLLER 2161711 ENVIRONMENTAL INSTRUMENTATION ((Department Elective – I) 2161712 BIO-POTENTIAL INSTRUMENTATION (Department Elective – II) 4TH Year 7th Sem 2171707 Industrial Drives & Control 2171708 Digital Signals Processing 2171709 DISTRIBUTED CONTROL SYSTEM & SCADA 2171710 PROCESS DYNAMICS AND CONTROL 2171711 EMBEDDED SYSTEM DESIGN (Department Elective – I) 170001 Project - I 2171712 IMAGE PROCESSING (Department Elective – II) 2171713 BUILDING AUTOMATION 4TH Year 8th Sem 2181703 Project -II 2181704 Project Engineering & Management 2181705 Advance Control Theory 2181710 Soft Computing in Control 2181706 Robotic Engineering 2181707 Instrumentation for Agriculture & Food Processing 2181709 Automative Instrumentation © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Instrumentation & Control Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Instrumentation & Control Departmental Links Instrumentation & Control Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Semester - 1 Grade Computer Programming and Utilization Elements of Electrical Engineering Environmental Studies Physics Calculus Electrical and Electronics Workshop 2110003 2110005 2110007 2110011 2110014 2110017 GRADE-AA 1 0 3 4 6 16 GRADE-AB 7 3 9 11 4 32 GRADE-BB 7 4 10 14 8 8 GRADE-BC 10 12 10 10 17 1 GRADE-CC 21 13 18 13 14 0 GRADE-CD 4 6 4 0 0 0 GRADE-DD 0 0 2 0 0 0 GRADE-FF 7 19 1 5 8 0 TOTAL 57 57 57 57 57 57 Total No. of Students Appeared 57 Total No. of Students Passed 32 Semester 2 Grade Communication Skills Elements of Mechanical Engineering Engineering Graphics Vector Calculus & Linear Algebra Basic Electronics Contributor Personality Development 2110002 2110006 2110013 2110015 2110016 2990001 GRADE-AA 0 3 0 4 0 7 GRADE-AB 5 7 2 10 4 22 GRADE-BB 20 13 11 7 6 23 GRADE-BC 17 19 13 9 15 5 GRADE-CC 13 10 18 17 20 0 GRADE-CD 1 1 7 1 4 0 GRADE-DD 0 0 0 0 1 0 GRADE-FF 1 4 6 9 7 0 TOTAL 57 57 57 57 57 57 Total No. of Students Appeared 57 Total No. of Students Passed 43 Semester III Grade Advanced Engineering Mathematics Engineering Economics and Management Design Engineering - I A Circuits and Networks Electrical Machines Electronic Devices and Circuits Digital Logic Circuits 2130002 2130004 2130005 2130901 2131005 2131006 2131704 GRADE-AA 3 0 7 1 1 0 0 GRADE-AB 4 1 13 4 0 0 6 GRADE-BB 2 7 17 8 3 6 4 GRADE-BC 15 14 25 17 12 14 16 GRADE-CC 16 26 3 14 18 19 21 GRADE-CD 6 7 0 0 0 12 0 GRADE-DD 0 3 0 0 0 1 0 GRADE-FF 21 9 2 23 33 15 20 TOTAL 67 67 67 67 67 67 67 Total No. of Students Appeared 67 Total No. of Students Passed 27 Semester IV Grade Design Engineering - I B Simulation and Design Tools Numerical Techniques & Statistical Methods Measurement & Instruments Industrial Measurement I Analog Signal Processing Control System 2140002 2141006 2141703 2141704 2141705 2141706 2141708 GRADE-AA 6 28 0 0 3 0 0 GRADE-AB 24 19 9 3 5 6 1 GRADE-BB 25 11 12 15 20 11 9 GRADE-BC 9 8 20 13 18 22 19 GRADE-CC 0 0 16 20 8 21 24 GRADE-CD 0 0 1 6 4 2 3 GRADE-DD 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 GRADE-FF 3 1 9 8 9 5 11 TOTAL 67 67 67 67 67 67 67 Total No. of Students Appeared 67 Total No. of Students Passed 51 Semester V Grade Design Engineering - II A Cyber Security Control System Component Process Control System Industrial Measurement-II Microcontroller&Interfacing 2150001 2150002 2151704 2151705 2151706 2151707 GRADE-AA 9 8 5 1 1 0 GRADE-AB 26 16 14 3 9 4 GRADE-BB 30 35 21 22 8 6 GRADE-BC 1 7 16 13 24 24 GRADE-CC 0 0 8 17 17 28 GRADE-CD 0 0 1 5 6 2 GRADE-DD 0 0 0 0 0 0 GRADE-FF 2 2 3 7 3 4 TOTAL 68 68 68 68 68 68 Total No. of Students Appeared 68 Total No. of Students Passed 62 Semester VI Grade Design Engineering - II B Analog & Digital Communication Control System Design Power Electronics Programmable Logic Controller Dept. Elective 2160001 2161704 2161707 2161708 2161709 GRADE-AA 1 1 0 1 0 1 GRADE-AB 18 3 4 15 3 7 GRADE-BB 33 11 9 18 13 19 GRADE-BC 14 24 17 17 20 22 GRADE-CC 0 23 20 14 23 12 GRADE-CD 0 1 8 0 4 1 GRADE-DD 0 0 0 0 0 0 GRADE-FF 0 3 8 1 3 4 TOTAL 66 66 66 66 66 66 Total No. of Students Appeared 68 Total No. of Students Passed 57 Semester VII Grade Project - I Industrial Drives & Control Digital Signal Processing Distributed Control System & SCADA Process Dynamics & Control BA(Departmental Elective - II) 2170001 2171707 2171708 2171709 2171710 2171713 GRADE-AA 0 0 0 0 3 0 GRADE-AB 4 1 6 5 14 6 GRADE-BB 39 8 19 26 21 22 GRADE-BC 21 38 21 23 20 30 GRADE-CC 1 14 14 9 6 7 GRADE-CD 0 0 0 0 0 0 GRADE-DD 0 0 0 0 0 0 GRADE-FF 0 4 5 2 1 0 TOTAL 65 65 65 65 65 65 Total No. of Students Appeared 65 Total No. of Students Passed 59 Semester VIII Grade Project – II Project Engineering & Management Advance Control Theory Soft Computing C(Ele-II) 2181703 2181704 2181705 2181710 GRADE-AA 17 0 0 0 GRADE-AB 31 4 4 14 GRADE-BB 16 25 13 24 GRADE-BC 0 31 27 18 GRADE-CC 0 4 15 8 GRADE-CD 0 0 4 0 GRADE-DD 0 0 0 0 GRADE-FF 1 1 2 1 TOTAL 65 65 65 65 Total No. of Students Appeared 65 Total No. of Students Passed 64 © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Instrumentation & Control Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Instrumentation & Control Departmental Links Instrumentation & Control Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Student Placements 2016 - 2017 Sr. No. Name of Student Name of Company Location 1 Ms. Khyati Patel Rang Technologies Vadodara 2 Ms. Charmie Thakkar Linde Vadodara 3 Mr. Kavish Thakkar Deepak Phenolix Dahej 4 Mr. Agam Shah Arti Industries Dahej 5 Mr. Dharak Bhatt Arti Industries Dahej 6 Mr. Himanshu Singh Jacobs Vadodara 7 Ms. Megha Joshi Jacobs Vadodara Students Placed Off Campus Sr. No. Name of Student Name of Company Location 1 Ms. Madhurika Iyer Reliance Industries Ltd. Jamnagar 2 Ms. Shreya Mishra Reliance Industries Ltd. Jamnagar 3 Mr. Jay Joshi Reliance Industries Ltd. Jamnagar © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Instrumentation & Control Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Instrumentation & Control Departmental Links Instrumentation & Control Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Click the links to view the content General Notice Board First Year Second Year Report of Industrial Visit at Gujarat Flourochemical Limited, Ranjitnagar List of Top 10 students in Industrial Visit Report Preparation List of Top 10 students in Seminar Presentation List of Top 10 students in Attendance List of Top 10 students in FTKT Examination List of Top 10 students in Mid Semester Examination List of Top 10 students in Mock Test List of Top 10 students in Viva Third Year Report of Inel Gas Industrial Visit for Third Year Students List of Top 10 students in Attendance List of Top 10 students in Mock Test Performance List of Top 10 students in Seminar List of Top 10 students in Mid Semester Examination List of Top 10 students in FTKT List of Top 10 students in Industrial Visit Report Preparation Fourth Year List of Top 10 students in Attendance List of Top 10 students in FTKT List of Top 10 students in Mid Semester Examination List of Top 10 students in Project © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Instrumentation & Control Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Instrumentation & Control Departmental Links Instrumentation & Control Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Sr. No. Name of faculty member Date of joining Designation Qualification Specialization Teaching experience R&D Experience Industry Experience Email 1 Dr. R. B. Patel 18/08/2003 HOD & Associate. Prof Ph.D. Intelligent Control 14 0 3 hod.ic@svitvasad.ac.in, patel_rakeshkumar6@gtu.edu.in 2 Prof K D Narwekar 20/07/2006 Assistant Professor Ph.D. Pursuing Instrumentation 11 0 1.2 krupanarwekar.ic@svitvasad.ac.in 3 Prof J N Chotai 1/1/2009 Assistant Professor M.E. Applied Instrumentation 8.5 0 0 jankichotai.ic@svitvasad.ac.in 4 Prof A B Yadav 1/7/2009 Assistant Professor M.Tech Instrumentation 8 0 4 archanayadav.ic@svitvasad.ac.in 5 Dr. D H Shah 15/10/2010 Assistant Professor Ph.D. Applied Instrumentation 6.1 0 0 dipeshshah.ic@svitvasad.ac.in 6 Prof. Dhruv.M.Patel 23/1/2012 Assistant Professor M.Tech Instrumentation & Control 5.5 0.9 0 dhruvpatel.ic@svitvasad.ac.in 7 Prof P B Gajjar 6/8/2013 Assistant Professor M.Tech Control & Automation 4.5 0 0 palakgajjar.ic@svitvasad.ac.in 8 Prof D V Nirmohi 14/02/14 Assistant Professor M.Tech Instrumentation 6 0 0 dhavakumarnirmohi.ic@svitvasad.ac.in 9 Prof Ukti H Parmar 18/07/16 Assistant Professor M.Tech Instrumentation & Control 1.1 0 1 uktiparmar.ic@svitvasad.ac.in 10 Prof Nilesh B.Devani 25/07/16 Assistant Professor M.Tech Instrumentation & Control 4 0 0 nileshdevani.ic@svitvasad.ac.in 11 Prof. Divyesh Parekh 19/07/2017 Assistant Professor M.Tech. Instrumentation & Control 0 0 0 divyeshparekh.ic@svitvasad.ac.in 12 Prof.R. M Joshi 17/01/2018 Assistant Professor M.Tech Instrumentation & Control 0 0 1.1 rajkumarjoshi.ic@svitvasad.ac.in 13 Prof. K. V. Singh 29/01/2018 Assistant Professor M.Tech Instrumentation & Control 0.8 0 2 khyatisingh.ic@svitvasad.ac.in © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Instrumentation & Control Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Instrumentation & Control Departmental Links Instrumentation & Control Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Time Table Year Semester Link 1 2 Click here to view/download Time-table 2 4 Click here to view/download Time-table 3 6 Click here to view/download Time-table 4 8 Click here to view/download Time-table © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Instrumentation & Control Engineering Department This department teaches subjects related to Instrumentation & Control Departmental Links Instrumentation & Control Engineering About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Master of Computer Applications Department This department teaches subjects related to Computer Applications Departmental Links Master of Computer Applications About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Year/Semester Subject Code Complete Subject Name First Year /Semester I Click here to download Teaching Scheme of Semester I 3610001 Fundamentals of Programming-1 (FOP-1) 3610002 Fundamentals of Web (FOW) 3610003 Program Design Technique (PDT) 3610004 Fundamentals of Computer Organization (FCO) 3610005 Communication Skills (CS) 3610006 Software Project in C (SP-C) First Year /Semester II Click here to download Teaching Scheme of Semester II 3620001 Fundamental of Programming - II 3620002 Data Structures 3620003 Operating Systems 3620004 Object-Oriented Unified Modelling 3620005 Software Project - 2 1990001 Contributor Personality Development Second Year/Semester III Click here to download Teaching Scheme for semester III 3630001 Basic Mathematics 3630002 Basic Computer Science – 1 (Applications of Data Structures and Applications of SQL) 3630003 Basic Computer Science – 2 (Applications of Operating Systems and Applications of Systems Software) 3630004 Programming with C++ 3630005 Programming with JAVA 3630006 Programming with Python 3630007 Dynamic HTML 3630008 Database Administrator 3630009 Procedure Programming in SQL 36300010 Programming with Linux, Apache, MySQL, and PHP (LAMP) 36300011 Data Warehousing 36300012 Information Security Bridge Course of 2 Weeks (Total: 60 Hrs) Second Year /Semester IV Click here to download Teaching Scheme for Semester IV 3640001 Basic Statistics (BS) 3640002 Basic Computer Science-3(Computer Networking) 3640003 Basic Computer Science-4(Software Engineering) Elective-III 3640004 Network Security(NS) Elective-III 3640005 Data Analytics With R(DAR) Elective-III 3640006 Data Mining(DM) Elective-III 3640008 Image Processing(IP) Elective-III 3640009 Operation Research(OR) Elective-IV 3640011 Cyber Security & Forensics(CSF) Elective-IV 3640012 Language Processing(LP) Elective-IV 3640013 Function Programming With Java(FJP) Elective-IV 3640014 Advanced Python (APT) Elective-IV 3640015 Android Programming-I(AP-I) Third Year /Semester V Click here to download Teaching Scheme for Semester V 3650001 Design & Analysis of Algorithm (DAA) 3650002 Artificial Intelligence (AI) 3650003 Digital Technology Trends(DTT) Elective-V 3650004 Big Data Analytics(BDA) Elective-V 3650005 Java Web Technologies(JWT) Elective-V 3650006 Web Commerce(WC) Elective-V 3650007 Search Engine Techniques(SET) Elective-V 3650008 Web Data Management(WDM) Elective-V 3650009 Advanced Networking(AN) Elective-VI 3650010 Big Data Tools Elective-VI 3650011 Software Quality and Assurance(SQA) Elective-VI 3650012 Cloud Computing(CC) Elective-VI 3650013 Information Retrieving (IR) Elective-VI 3650014 Machine Learning(ML) Elective-VI 3650015 Data Visualization(DV) Elective-VI 3650016 Wireless Communication & Mobile Computing (WCMC) Click here to download Teaching Scheme for Semester VI Third Year / Semester VI 3660001 Project © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Master of Computer Applications Department This department teaches subjects related to Computer Applications Departmental Links Master of Computer Applications About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Result Sr. No. Academic Year Total No. of students No. of students passed AA AB BB BC CC FF PASS PERCENTAGE 1 2016-17 65 61 3 14 20 19 5 4 93.84% 2 2015-16 102 99 5 18 41 28 7 3 97.05% 3 2014-15 54 50 10 9 15 14 2 4 92.59% 4 2013-14 55 53 4 11 26 9 3 2 96.36% © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Master of Computer Applications Department This department teaches subjects related to Computer Applications Departmental Links Master of Computer Applications About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Student Placements 2016 - 2017 Sr. No. Name of the Company Name of the Student 1 Atos, Vadodara Abhigna Mehta 2 Atos, Vadodara Akshay Sunil Chawla 3 Atos, Vadodara Jay D Patel 4 Atos, Vadodara Madhuri Roopkumar Makhija 5 Atos, Vadodara Mansi Kansara 6 Atos, Vadodara Ms. Divya Parekh 7 Automation Anywhere, Vadodara Ashish Zarekar 8 Collabera, Vadodara Udayraj Sawant 9 Maruti Techlabs Neha Kansara Student Projects/Placements 2015 - 2016 Sr. No. Student Name Enrollment No. Company Name 1 Mr. Mohit Sarawat 135300693007 Sophos, Ahmedabad 2 Ms. Megha Purohit Jayantibhai 135300693018 TCS 3 Ms. Ankita Chaudhari 145303693001 ATOS, Baroda 4 Mr. Banti Garwa 145303693002 ATOS, Baroda 5 Mr. Munnabhai Mepabhai Baraiya 145303693003 WebSignificant, Surat 6 Mr. DhruvKumar Satishbhai Bhatt 145303693005 TCS 7 Mr. Romin C. Dhameliya 145303693011 ARTOON Technologies, SURAT 8 Mr. Ashish Dhanani L. 145303693012 WebSignigicant, Surat 9 Mr. Dipenkumar Shaileshbhai Patel 145303693014 ADIT Microsys, Ahmedabad 10 Mr. Hussain Doctor 145303693016 BULWARK, Baroda 11 Mr. Siddharth Rakesh Khopkar 145303693030 DHRUP Technologies, Baroda 12 Mr. Kirankumar Ambalal Gohil 145303693031 DHRUP Technologies, Baroda 13 Mr. Lopesh Rameshbhai Shah 145303693035 ACTY, Systems 14 Ms. Mansi Kansara 145303693043 ATOS, Baroda 15 Mr. MayankKumar Dilipbhai Patel 145303693045 DHRUP Technologies, Baroda 16 Ms. Abhigna Rajnikant Mehta 145303693047 ATOS, Baroda 17 Ms. Heenaben Padhiyar 145303693056 ATOS, Baroda 18 Ms. Nidhi Pandya 145303693058 NuvomLogic, Baroda 19 Mr. Jay Dineshbhai Patel 145303693066 ATOS, Baroda 20 Mr. Naresh Bhalaji Prajapati 145303693067 iDreamTechnologies 21 Mr. Sandip H Radadiya 145303693068 Spire IT Tech, Surat, Self Employed 22 Mr. Rajdeep Baldevsing Randhava 145303693069 Gulbrandsen, Baroda (Project based) 23 Mr. Riza Sandhi 145303693078 Automation Anywhere, Baroda 24 Mr. Mitesh Savaliya 145303693081 Spire IT Tech, Surat, (Self Employed) 25 Ms. Dhara R. Shah 145303693083 ATOS, Baroda 26 Mr. Manoj V Solanki 145303693085 ATOS, Baroda 27 Mr. Sooraj G. Raval 145303693086 ATOS, Baroda 28 Ms. Niraliben Bhadreshbhai Thakkar 145303693089 TCS 29 Mr. DilipKumar R. Thakor 145303693090 e-Infochips, Ahmedabad 30 Mr. Mehul K. Vaghela 145303693093 DHRUP Technologies, Baroda 31 Mr. Nishil H. Vahia 145303693094 Rishabh, Baroda 32 Mr. Darshan.B.Wadhwani 145303693098 Odysseus, Baroda 33 Mr. Dhananjay Waghela 145303693099 DHRUP Technologies, Baroda 34 Mr. Vivek Panchal 145303693057 DHRUP Technologies, Baroda 35 Mr. Jignesh Rana 145303693073 DHRUP Technologies, Baroda 36 Mr. Viral Panchal 145303693096 ATOS, Baroda 37 Mr. Mahipal Jadeja 145303693037 Automation Anywhere, Baroda 38 Ms. Hiral Patel 135300693015 ATOS, Baroda 39 Mr. Kunal Shah 135300693022 SeowebPlanet, Baroda 40 Ms. Agnika Rajput 145303693070 ATOS 41 Mr. Jinit Shah 145303693027 Bitscape Infotech Pvt. Ltd. 42 Ms. Neha Kansara 145303693016 Maruti Tech Labs, Ahmedabad 43 Mr. Hussain Doctor 145303693016 Bulwarks System List of Students Placed at Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) Sr. Student Name Sr. Student Name Sr. Student Name 1 Ms. Megha Purohit 6 Ms. Deepa Moorjmalani 11 Mr. Jignesh Agrawal 2 Mr. Dhruv Bhatt 7 Mr. Nilesh Danani 12 Ms. Neha Gupte 3 Ms. Nirali Thakkar 8 Ms. C. Rajisha 13 Ms. Himani Parikh 4 Ms. Grishma Patel 9 Ms. Zalak Shah 14 Ms. Jitika Shah 5 Ms. Dhruvisha KaPatel 10 Mr. Harsh Soni 15 Ms. Gayathri Srinivasan List of Companies Visiting MCA @ SVIT - Vasad TCS Zeus Learning CapeGemini e-Infochips DRC Systems Promact Integration Point e-Clinical Works Tech Mahindra Horizontal Data Automation Anywhere Zooter Software Investis Paul Mason Solwin Infotech Global Texon Prakash Infotech Actue Informatics IRIS, Mumbai Sarjen Informatics Gulbrandsen, Baroda Helios, Baroda KPIT Cumins NuvomLoigc C-Sam, Baroda Matrix Telecom Bharti Consultancy RangTech, Baroda Banyan Tree All Scripts And many more… © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Master of Computer Applications Department This department teaches subjects related to Computer Applications Departmental Links Master of Computer Applications About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Click the links to view the content General Notice Board Research papers published by MCA faculty members during the academic year 2012 - 2013 Research papers published by MCA faculty members during the academic year 2013 - 2014 Research papers published by MCA faculty members during the academic year 2014 - 2015 Research papers published by MCA faculty members during the academic year 2015 - 2016 First Year Name of Top student in Attendance (2016-17) Name of Top student in Mid Semester Examination (2016-17) Second Year List of Top 10 students in Attendance (2016-17) List of Top 5 students in FTKT (2016-17) List of Top 5 students in Mid Semester Examination (2016-17) List of Top 5 students in Seminar (2016-17) Third Year List of Top 10 students in Attendance (2016-17) List of Top 10 students in FTKT (2016-17) List of Top 10 students in Mid Semester Examination (2016-17) List of Top 5 students in Project Presentation (2016-17) © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Master of Computer Applications Department This department teaches subjects related to Computer Applications Departmental Links Master of Computer Applications About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Sr. No. Name of faculty member Date of joining Designation Qualification Specialization Teaching experience R&D Experience Industry Experience Email 1. Dr. Sohil Pandya 1/8/2005 Assistant Prof & I/c HOD Ph.D, PGDBA, M Com (HRM) MCA BSc. Data Mining, Adv. Java, Multimedia 13 - - hod.mca@svitvasad.ac.in, sohilpandya@gmail.com 2 Prof. Jonita Roman 15/10/2003 Assistant Prof Ph.D(pursuing) MCA BSc. Data Structures, Software Engineering 14 - - jonita27@rediffmail.com, 3. Dr.Amisha Shingala 01/09/2004 Assistant Prof Ph.D. M.Phil, MCA, Bsc. Databases, Natural Language Query Processing 19 3 - amishashingala.mca@svitvasad.ac.in am_bt@yahoo.com 4. Prof. Ninad C. Bhavsar 1/2/2005 Assistant Prof Ph.D. (Pursuing) MCA BE Computer Networking, Network Security 15 3 1 ninadbhavsar.mca@svitvasad.ac.in ninadbhavsar@yahoo.co.in 5. Prof. Rupam Gupta 1/9/2005 Assistant Prof Ph.D. (Pursuing) MCA BSc Natural Language Processing 18.5 - 2.5 rupamgupta.mca@ svitvasad.ac.in shibi_sengupta@yahoo.com 6. Dr. Devasenathipathi N. 2/7/2007 Assistant Prof Ph.D. M.Phil., M.Com., M.B.A., MCA BCA Data Mining, Statistical and Numerical Methods 10 9 - devas.mca@gmail.com 7. Prof. Virendra Ingle 2/7/2007 Assistant Prof M.Sc (C.S), M.Tech (C.S), PGDCA MCA B.Com. Mobile Computing, Operating Systems 10 - - virendraingle.mca@ svitvasad.ac.in v_u_ingle2003@yahoo.com 8. Prof. Jalpa Patel 8/1/2009 Assistant Prof MCA BSc. Operations Research, System Software 8 - - jalpapatel.mca@ svitvasad.ac.in jalpapatel2585@yahoo.com 9. Prof. Pinkal Ladhawala 22/2/2010 Assistant Prof MCA BCA Android Programming 9 - - pinkalladhawala.mca@ svitvasad.ac.in pinkal1984@yahoo.co.in 10. Prof. Rinku Chavda 9/2/2011 Assistant Prof MCA BCA Java, Android, Data Structures 6 - - rinkuchawda.mca@ svitvasad.ac.in rinku_chavda@yahoo.co.in © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Master of Computer Applications Department This department teaches subjects related to Computer Applications Departmental Links Master of Computer Applications About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Year Semester Link 1 2 Click here to view/download Time-table 2 4 Click here to view/download Time-table 3 6 Click here to view/download Time-table © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Master of Computer Applications Department This department teaches subjects related to Computer Applications Departmental Links Master of Computer Applications About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner T&P Faculty Coordinator details No. Faculty Name Contact No. Mail ID 1 Prof. Ninad Bhavsar 9825666215 ninadbhavsar.mca@svitvasad.ac.in 2 Prof. Jonita Roman 9825977365 jonitaroman.mca@svitvasad.ac.in Click the links to view the content General Notice Board Research papers published by MCA faculty members during the academic year 2012 - 2013 Research papers published by MCA faculty members during the academic year 2013 - 2014 Research papers published by MCA faculty members during the academic year 2014 - 2015 Research papers published by MCA faculty members during the academic year 2015 - 2016 First Year Name of Top student in Attendance (2016-17) Name of Top student in Mid Semester Examination (2016-17) Second Year List of Top 10 students in Attendance (2016-17) List of Top 5 students in FTKT (2016-17) List of Top 5 students in Mid Semester Examination (2016-17) List of Top 5 students in Seminar (2016-17) Third Year List of Top 10 students in Attendance (2016-17) List of Top 10 students in FTKT (2016-17) List of Top 10 students in Mid Semester Examination (2016-17) List of Top 5 students in Project Presentation (2016-17) Android APPs developed by SVIT students which are freely available on Google Play App Logo App Name Total Installs Class Notes 1.1 663 GetDocs 1.2 6,148 Kids GK 1.0 5,677 Maths Arithmetic Operations 1.0 837 StayHealthy 1.0 235 © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Applied Sciences & Humanities Department This department teaches subjects related to Applied Sciences and Humanties . Departmental Links Applied Sciences & Humanties About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner About AS & H Department © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Applied Sciences & Humanities Department This department teaches subjects related to Applied Sciences and Humanties . Departmental Links Applied Sciences & Humanties About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner About AS & H Department © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Applied Sciences & Humanities Department This department teaches subjects related to Applied Sciences and Humanties . Departmental Links Applied Sciences & Humanties About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner About AS & H Department © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Applied Sciences & Humanities Department This department teaches subjects related to Applied Sciences and Humanties . Departmental Links Applied Sciences & Humanties About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner About AS & H Department © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Applied Sciences & Humanities Department This department teaches subjects related to Applied Sciences and Humanties . Departmental Links Applied Sciences & Humanties About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner Sr. No. Name of faculty member Date of joining Designation Qualification Specialization Teaching Experience R&D Experience Industry Experience Email 1 Dr. BHAVINI PANDYA 01/01/2001 I/c. HOD , Assistant Professor M. Phil., Ph. D. Integro Differential Equ. 16 5 0 hod.ash@svitvasad.ac.in 2 DR. A. K. ADHIKARY 01/07/2008 Associate Professor Ph. D. Management / Marketing 14 3 15 arunkumaradhikary.ash@svitvasad.ac.in 3 MR. VIKASH AGARWAL 01/10/2001 D. P. E. M. P. E. Sports 20 0 0 vikasagrawal.ash@svitvasad.ac.in 4 PROF. RAHUL MEHTA 28/08/2002 Assistant Professor M. Phil. Banach Algebra 14 0 0 rahulmehta.ash@svitvasad.ac.in 5 PROF. K. P. MREDULA 16/08/2004 Assistant Professor M. Phil., Ph. D.(Pursuing) Mathematics 12 2 0 mredulakp.ash@svitvasad.ac.in 6 PROF. HARSHAD PATEL 25/08/2008 Assistant Professor M. Phil., Ph. D.(Pursuing) MHD Flow 8 0 0 harshadpatel.ash@svitvasad.ac.in 7 PROF. KHUSHBU GOHEL 09/03/2009 Assistant Professor M. Phil., Ph. D.(Pursuing) Physics 8 1 0 khushbugohel.ash@svitvasad.ac.in 8 PROF. RAKESH DARJI 01/07/2009 Assistant Professor M. Phil., Ph. D.(Pursuing) Magnetic Field Flow 7 0 0 rakeshdarji.ash@svitvasad.ac.in 9 PROF. KHIMYA AMLANI 01/07/2009 Assistant Professor M. Phil., Ph. D.(Pursuing) Differential equ. 8 0 0 khimyaamlani.ash@svitvasad.ac.in 10 PROF. DISHA PATEL 26/07/2010 Assistant Professor M. Phil., Ph. D.(Pursuing) Management 6 0 0 dishapatel.ash@svitvasad.ac.in 11 PROF. DHRUVESH MATHUR 03/09/2005 Assistant Professor B. E., M. Phil., Ph. D.(Pursuing) Physics 10 0 0 dhruveshmathur.ash@svitvasad.ac.in 12 PROF. BHARTI NATHWANI 01/07/2011 Assistant Professor M. Phil., Ph. D.(Pursuing) Special Function 8 0 0 bhartinathwani.ash@svitvasad.ac.in 13 PROF. MANISH UMATHE 09/08/2010 Assistant Professor M. Phil. Mathematics 7 0 0 manishaumathe.ash@svitvasad.ac.in 14 PROF. SAMEER SOLANKI 18/07/2011 Assistant Professor M. Phil., Ph. D.(Pursuing) English Literature 6 0 0 sameersolanki.ash@svitvasad.ac.in 15 PROF. ASIF VAHORA 01/02/2012 Assistant Professor M. Phil., Ph. D.(Pursuing) English Literature/ELT 10 0 0 asifvahora.ash@svitvasad.ac.in 16 PROF. DIPTI TAPIAWALA 15/09/2014 Assistant Professor M. Phil., Ph. D.(Pursuing) Pure Mathematics 11 11 0 diptitapiawala.ash@svitvasad.ac.in 17 PROF. MAHESH PRAJAPATI 30/01/2015 Assistant Professor M. Phil. Applied Mathematics 7 0 0 maheshprajapati.ash@svitvasad.ac.in 18 PROF. JAIMIN PATEL 18/07/2013 Assistant Professor on Contractual Basis M. Sc., Ph. D.(Pursuing) Applied Mathematics 3 0 0 jaiminpatel.ash@svitvasad.ac.in 19 PROF. NIKUNJ JOSHI 03/02/2015 Assistant Professor on Contractual Basis M. Sc. Pure Physics 2 0 0 nikunjjoshi.ash@svitvasad.ac.in 20 PROF. BHAVESH SUTHAR 01/08/2016 Assistant Professor on Contractual Basis M. Sc. Pure Mathematics 0.1 0 0 bhaveshsuthar.ash@svitvasad.ac.in 21 PROF. ROHIT RAVAL 01/08/2016 Assistant Professor on Contractual Basis M. A., B. Ed. Literature 1.5 0 0 rohitraval.ash@svitvasad.ac.in 22 PROF. FORAM PATEL 22/08/2016 Assistant Professor on Contractual Basis M. A., M. Phil. Literature 2 1 1 forampatel.ash@svitvasad.ac.in 23 PROF. MAYUR JAGTAP 21/08/2015 Assistant Professor (Visiting) M. Sc. Physics 0.7 0 0 mayurjagtap1989@gmail.com © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info. SVIT-Vasad +91- (02692) 274766, 274489 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute Of Technology Managed by The New English School Trust (NEST), Vasad Toggle navigation Home About Us Chairman's Message Principal's Message Vision Mission Discipline & Conduct Mandatory Disclosure About SVIT History Board of Management Academic Departments Aeronautical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Computer Engineering Info.Technology E & C Engineering Inst. & Control Eng. MCA Applied Sci. & Humanities Library Placements Placement Summary Placement Details Placement Officers R & D Cell Co-curricular Activities Prakarsh TechFest Annual Day Spandan ISTE ISA ISHRAE Sports AICTE - Online Test Other Information Student Counseling Anti-Ragging Committee WDC Entrepreneurship Cell Foreign Student Affairs Contact Us Applied Sciences & Humanities Department This department teaches subjects related to Applied Sciences and Humanties . Departmental Links Applied Sciences & Humanties About the Department Syllabus Result Placement Notice Board Faculty Members Time-Table Departmental Student Corner About AS & H Department © 2018 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad. All Rights Reserved. Developed By Dr. Devasenathipathi N., MCA Department. Home About Us Women's Development Cell Contact Us Not seeing a Scroll to Top Button? Go to our FAQ page for more info.